your : Your qualifications are excellent and your achievements are remarkable
institution : He was granted a large scholarship from an academic institution
for : I was never the wiser for it
continued : He continued working for a long time
success : His career was checkered by success and failure
and : He spoke and all was still
prosperity : He used her as an icon of his prosperity and power
in : She said you were in your thirties
the : The actors doing the dances wore the masks that looked like the spirits
days : The number of runaway teenagers is increasing these days
to : On reflection, it seems to me that I was unkind to her
come : I'm afraid she won't come in time for the movie. It's almost six o'clock
License : Tracks Client Access License usage for a server product
of : I am conscious[well aware] of my want of ability
Veterinarian : Ask your veterinarian to check your pets and domesticated animals for ringworm
No. : No, thank you. I am not thirsty
Name : His daughter's name is put in the telephone directory
in : If dough is too sticky, knead in more flour
Full : Little Billy ate and ate until he was as full as a tick
No. : No. This is a new location, I'm afraid
Date : Did you meet anyone nice on the group blind date last weekend?
of : Observance of the tax laws is required of everyone
Birth : Birth-control drugs help couples limit the size of their families
is : He is above me in rank
certify : Please certify your copy from your college
that : That CD you lent me is really great
the : The road is uphill all the way
above : Above the outer corner of each eye are the almond-sized lacrimal glands
person : There isn't any honest person on God's earth
was : The iguana was ill and his owner was frantic
granted : We were granted the courtesies of the port
the : Press the pin into the balloon through the tape
license : This announcement is for anyone who is here to renew a driver's license
of : Place milk chocolate and water in top of double boiler over simmering water melt then stir until smooth
veterinarian : Veterinarian Jonathan Hill says about three-quarters of his attempts to clone cows ended in miscarriages
in : Finish the work in due degree
accordance : You should behave in accordance with your station in life
with : He was punished with a fine
the : The products were transported from the factory to the station
Veterinarian : Veterinarian Jonathan Hill says about three-quarters of his attempts to clone cows ended in miscarriages
law. : It's against the law. That's why
CERTIFICATE : Changes cannot be saved to the certificate store
OF : I can be of assistance to you in any way
RESIDENT : I don't have a social security number. I'm not a U.S. resident
REGISTRATION : Please fill out this registration form
NAME : Mary always tries to impress people by name-dropping
OF : She is president of her chapter of that committee
HOUSEHOLDER : rouse the careless householder to look to his fastenings
RELATIONSHIP : Our relationship was doomed from the start
TO : To doubt is safer than to be secure
THE : The man is staring at the stars
FAMILY : As family members and friends looked on, they exchanged wedding vows
HEAD : The teacher was biting the student's head off
OF : Finish edge of tree with loops of green ribbon
REGISTRATION : Please fill out this registration form 
ADDRESS : For this site, you must enter your e-mail address as the password
TO : I am sorry to have to disappoint you
NAME : She smiled weakly and whispered my name
RESIDENT : A third factor is how the resident population feels about the immigrant culture
NUMBER : They are reliant on a very limited number of exportable products
NAME : There are more than a million people with the last name Smith in America
OF : What is said to be one of the features of the planned stadium?
HOUSEHEAD : RELATIONSHIP TO THE PREVIOUS HOUSEHEAD 
of : Even the definition of advertising has evolved over a period of time
Issue : He acted on the sidelines on the issue
OFFICIAL : OK, so now it is official
SEAL : It is not necessary to seal the jars
AFFIXED : affix a seal to
compliment : I don't think that was much of a compliment
a : He is a famous as a tailor
salesperson : The salesperson is moving the box
Our : Our cat is stubborn as a mule
on : He was behind on his rent
your : Were you able to renew your passport?
sales : You must increase sales anyway you can
success : She held out hope of success
for : I was looking for the key to my house
The : The road is uphill all the way
last : It rained hard about this time last year, too
quarter : It is sudden cardiac arrest, and it kills a quarter-million people a year
We : We are already too deeply involved
Are : Are you sending the coin to the bottom?
fortunate : It's fortunate that you weren't hurt
to : On reflection, it seems to me that I was unkind to her
You : You wouldn't!! Are you sure you did that? 
on : It depends on what it is
our : He is favorable to our plan
them : We sent a member of our team to put them into their paces
and : For use in cats and kittens 6 weeks and older
look : This statue is not much to look at
forward : I'm afraid you're being forward withme
to : To doubt is safer than to be secure
more : He is not more diligent than you are
in : Melts in your mouth, not in your hand
the : After the earthquake, gaping holes appeared in the walls of the house
future : How I would live in the future is more important
Permission : Look to it that nobody leaves the room without permission
to : He was swift to hear, slow to speak
Use : Use this application to configureand test game controllers
Sunscreen : Did you bring the sunscreen lotion?
My : My Stop putting your bib in my life
child : She risked life and limb to save the child
may : Be that as it may, I am sorry for him
have : While firstborns, typically, have fewer friends, middle children often have many
applied : The child applied some antiseptic ointment to a wound
exposed : He is swathed in fur with only his face exposed 
skin : My impatience was popping right through my skin
areas : Men in rural areas used to kiss a woman's hand
before : I was robbed before I could say boo
going : They were forced to suck the hind tit of going first
outside : outside will cool first so you have to watch it
warm : Let cool until it is just warm
sunny : There are sunny days ahead. Don't worry about it
Signature : The thieves pulled his signature out of thin air
Parent : Every parent knows how crucial the choice of friends is for every child
Guardian : The way you're looking at your guardian angel is too scary
Date : We have fifteen people enrolled to date
Cycling : News editors seem to have a thing for cycling stories these days
& : On the other hand, I do not often use the ampersand
Walking : The automobile has largely eliminated the need for walking
Running : Rinse under running water for the same amount of time
Checklist : I see, we read the bid and mark the checklist, is that right?
hand : Melts in your mouth, not in your hand
for : It was too much for me
all : Who is the prettiest of us all?
current : Angling has become the current sport rage
or : It is not altogether disagreeable. or Not so bad
prospective : I hear you were formally introduced to a prospective wife
cyclists : Finally, please review the traffic laws as they apply to cyclists
paths : Neither of these two story paths, alas, is particularly riveting
maps : The maps inserted into this book are also very helpful
location : No. This is a new location, I'm afraid
nearest : Where is the nearest burger joint?
cycle : Remove bread at the end of the baking cycle promptly
shop : People are working in a shop
brochure : The brochure is there for the asking
products : They are reliant on a very limited number of exportable products
services : I'm looking for child care services
and : Change the language, and set installation and accessibility options
number : They are reliant on a very limited number of exportable products
bike : This bike is in need of repair
available : When is the next available appointment?
OF : It is to be two of a kind
MANUFACTURE : The process of manufacture is a closely guarded secret
WHOM : To whom is the announcement directed?
IT : Thread is so tangled up that it is impossible to straighten it out
MAY : It may well be so. or That is not impossible
CONCERN : My concern is for my son 
Name : The username is not valid. Enter a valid username
Manufacturer : The fridge was sent back to the manufacturer 
Address : What is your main message to people when you address them? 
Factory : We have to hire some more workers for the factory
Office : We have to vacate this office by next week
of : Place layers of onions on top of oranges
Licence : If a person's licence is revoked
No. : If a person's licence is revoked
Sincerely : If a person's licence is revoked
Yours : Don't covet what is not yours
General : The difference between celebrities and general people is that celebrities have something about them
HEALTH : Isn't your health more important than anything else in your life?
CERTIFICATE : If your domain name changes, you will need to obtain a new certificate
TO : She is too arrogant to speak to us
WHOM : He does not state whom is laying there
MAY : Be that as it may, I am sorry for him
CONCERN : More recently complacency has turned into concern                              
Item  : The cost of each item is stamped in ink on each item
& : Arts&HumanitiesCitationIndex
Quantity : The price depends on the quantity of your order
Importing : Importing and exporting goods that I buy on-line
Country : Is lobbying against the law in your country?
Exporter : Which country is the third largest exporter to the US? 
Reference : Security credentials are needed for account reference reporting
For : Thank you for sparing your precious time for me
Risk : As I say, it is a risk
Messrs : a firm of nursery gardeners and florist, Messrs. Cull and Rook
Sincerely : I sincerely hope there is no problem
General : The general effect of this picture appeals to me
Director : He is our director in charge of the Importing and Exporting Department
EMPLOYMENT : He is out of work and looking for employment
CERTIFICATE : A certificate is issued by a Certificate Authority to confirm your identity to others
Full : He veered full-speed into the parking lot
Name : The Sunflower is the name of the restaurant
Birth : The baby suffers two deformities from birth defects
Resident : A third factor is how the resident population feels about the immigrant culture
ID : I've forgotten my I.D. It must be in my other suit
Place : The surgeon manipulated the bones into place
Origin : What was the origin of the plan?
Present : She was not present at the meeting
ddress : Please don't address me as Mrs 
Employment : My friend found gainful employment in another city
Period : It's time to put a period to the matter 
Certificate : Who is sending the gift certificate
of : The quarrel of lovers is the renewal of love
Salary : He saves up part of his salary every month
No : No. it was a different injection 
Personal : Are you able to operate a personal computer
Data : Did anyone question the validity of your data?
Present : The verb is in the present	
Address : Please note our change of address  
Name : Here lies one whose name was writ in water
in : He is always in the dismals 
full : He is always in the dismals 
Date : You can write the year after the date 
bith : Had I been faced with this news on the bith of my twin girls, I would have been devastated  
K. I. D. : Previous posts: A. B. C. D. E. F. G. H. I. J. K. L. M. N. O. P
No : No. I couldn't. I was too busy  
Working : The woman is working on her posture
Section : I'll place an ad in the Help Wanted section of the newspaper 
Usage : Tracks Client Access License usage for a server product 
Date : Can you move the validity date ahead one month?
Amount : Rinse under running water for the same amount of time	
Income : The quarrel of lovers is the renewal of love, Many people have lived above their income
Bonus : I receive a generous bonus at my company
Total : How many total issues do subscribers receive each year?
License : This announcement is for anyone who is here to renew a driver's license 
for : You are solely responsible for it
Doctor : The doctor is out on his rounds
No. : No. This is a new location, I'm afraid 
Name : Mary always tries to impress people by name-dropping
Full : It is very old and full of meaning
Authority : He wets himself in front of people who are in authority
This : This is to dry them further
is : Thread is so tangled up that it is impossible to straighten it out
to : Were you able to talk to Mr. Silver?
certify : I affirm the above to be true in every particular. or I hereby certify the above statement to be true and correct in every detail
it : It recks me little whether it is true or not
is : It is highly commendable. or It is highly praiseworthy
licensed : No medicinal product can be licensed if it does not have a medicinal purpose
as : He is as leaky as a sieve
stated : What is NOT stated in the article?
above : Though poor, he is above telling a lie
of : It is to be two of a kind
Minister : He was appointed Minister of Foreign Affairs and Trades
of : By October of this year, almost half of the staff will have left
Ministry : According to people at the ministry there was no need for confessions
Health : Isn't your health more important than anything else in your life?
& : She works for Bond & Green
Social : Are you Insisting on social equality?
Affairs : Do your private affairs after work
commercial : I was watching a late night commercial for the kitchen utensils
invoice : We sent them an invoice, didn't we?
shipper : Call the shipper and ask them to trace it 
exporter : Which country is the third largest exporter to the US?
no. : He was save close but no cigar
& : Study Guide Alphabet Song & Chant A- E Review
date : School fees should be paid by the due date 
of : The facade of that building is made of wood
L/C : Can't you make it two months after receipt of an L/C?
for : It is useless for you to struggle
account : I need to put some money into my account 
risk : This is a risk that is hard to foretell and difficult to overcome
Messrs : Messrs Smith, Brown and Jones
issuing : The police started off with a clean slate issuing temporary drivers' licenses
bank : What time does the bank close today?
remarks : I've been hearing your sarcastic remarks for close to ten years
notify : Then we would notify you of the starting time
party : The party is sweating on the election day
An : He has a queer gait. or He walks with an odd gait
Identification : The two sisters proved their kinship by showing their identification cards
Card : To continue your subscription, please mail the enclosed business reply card immediately
Attorney : Did his attorney contact you about the trial?
Registration : Please fill out this registration form
No. : Please let me know soon whether it is yes or no
Personal : Are you able to operate a personal computer?
Data : If the media is blank, or its data is replaced, use this label instead
Permanent : Stop trying to paste over the cracks and come up with permanent solution
Address : Please note our change of address
Present : The verb is in the present
Address : Did you change your e-mail address recently?
Name : There are many different people with the same name in the world
in : He is always in a hurry
full : Little Billy ate and ate until he was as full as a tick	 
Date : Can you extend your validity date by one month?
birth : He was born out of wedlock. or He is of illegitimate birth
Date : You can write the year after the date
issue : The issue came to the fore again as the presidential election neared
Presentation : Some people are attending a presentation
Checklist : That's why you were all given a checklist
TO : He was swift to hear, slow to speak
MANAGEMENT : This parking lot is under private management
Information : Carefully read, mark, learn, and inwardly digest and all the information will become yours
to : I am reluctant to help him. or I hate to help him
on : We are quite slow on the uptake
Site : The cows are in the greenfield site
analysis : In the last analysis, walking home would be the most reasonable way
Employee : What time does the employee appreciation dinner start?
Transportation : The river is not used for transportation
Survey : The results of the survey were quite astonishing
EPP : All these parties are currently in the EPP
calculation : The result is beyond calculation at present
How : Fiddlesticks! or What nonsense! or How odd it is!
many : There are so many around here with vacancies
times : In peaceful times, the function of this system weakened
spoken : My spoken English hasn't improved much
English : His English is easy to understand. or He speaks plain English
Name : We have desks, chairs, dining room tables and wall units. You name it
Mon : It helps single parents with raising children, has social and educational programs and is open Mon.-Fri. 8:30-17:00 o'clock
Thu : In Vietnam there is a holiday called Trung Thu.
Wed : Jack wants to wed his love and have her cease her paternal fixation
fri : Foxtrotalpha I spend a great deal of my time with my fri.
Sat : The members of the committee sat round the table
Sun : The water is evaporated by the sun
Winner : I don't know who the winner was
Sub : Do me a big favor and sub for me today, would you?
License : This announcement is for anyone who is here to renew a driver's license
for : I was looking for the key to my house
No. : No. I couldn't. I was too busy
in : Melts in your mouth, not in your hand
of : The use of puppets dates back thousands of years
Authority : The manager exerted his authority and demanded better performance from his employees
This : This is fake back and edge
is : He is quite contented as he is
to : He was swift to hear, slow to speak
it : Thread is so tangled up that it is impossible to straighten it out
licensed : Our licensed, experienced guides are certified in first aid
as : She was as much agitated as him
stated : The pathology report stated my lump was malignant
above : All of the above are to be included
issue : Storytelling provides an easy path into any complex issue
Minister : The curate helped the minister prepare for Sunday services
Health : People do not know the value of health till they lose it
& : Letters & Phonics 
Social : I'm not a very social being
Official : He left his official life. or He quitted his office
Seal : It is not necessary to seal the jars
Stamped : The cost of each item is stamped in ink on each item
Certificate : You have successfully completed the Certificate Renewal Wizard
Pension : He is entitled to a pension
No. : He was save close but no cigar
Recipient : Recipient must be home at time of delivery
