registration : We just need a completed application form and the registration fee
of : The teaching of the school is in chime with the thought of the founder
travel : Could you stop by the travel agency on the way back home from work?
business : I know all the ins and outs of the business
No. : No. I was just about to
name : There are many different people with the same name in the world
company : That company produces a family of household products 
in : They are in a clothing store
full : Little Billy ate and ate until he was as full as a tick 
address : I just needed his home address   
kind : He was so kind as to help me
abroad : We believe that that is the same abroad 
This : This is only something else again
is : Thread is so tangled up that it is impossible to straighten it out to
to : I am reluctant to help him. or I hate to help him
certify : I hereby certify that the above information is all true and correct
that : He was much pleased to hear that
The : The price of cattle on the hoof is low
above : The housekeeper said that Mrs. Smith was above stairs
was : Can you imagine what it was like?
registered : I'm sorry, ma'am. We have no one by the name of Mr. King registered at this hotel
accordance : Friend says, the traffic authority has to be satisfied in accordance with the Bill
with : eat 2 more times ending with cheeses
promotion : But Steve turned down the promotion
law : We were scandalized by the change in law
date : What's your last name and date of travel?
issue : When is the next issue due out?  
media : It is 100% impossible to communicate 100 % of myself through the media
information : For train schedules, press 1. For fare information, press 2. For information about package tours, press 3
media : If the media is blank, or its data is replaced, use this label instead
company : That company produces a family of household products
contact : Inventions like the toothbrush, contact lenses, and credit cards came into use long ago
person : I had to choose only one person among those people 
address : The address change will be effective the 4th of December
phone : The man and woman are talking on the phone 
fax : The copier and the fax machine were bought the same year 
email : We are sending you our product information by email 
type : Conversion failed because the data value overflowed the data type used by the provider 
of : Changes of officials are[Reshuffling of government personnel is] frequently announced
media : If the media is blank, or its data is replaced, use this label instead: 
television : Where is the antenna located on the television? 
radio : Please turn the radio down a little 
newspape : At work she talks and reads the newspaper; she's a do-nothing employee 
magazine : It is the policy of the magazine not to accept unsolicited submissions 
media : That doesn't mean he is any less media savvy
kit : Don't worry. I have my repair kit with me 
requested : Why has Rhonda Miller requested a leave of absence?
media : That doesn't mean he is any less media savvy
received : Our product received a poor reception in our test market: 
comments : He casually threw in a few comments 
fax : The telephone and fax numbers are switched
facsimile : This copy is in facsimile but we need a real one
transmission : Keyboard-free transmission of personal identification numbers and ever-changing codes
your : I am unworthy of your kindness
company : He was unable to save the company from bankruptcy 
name : Please choose a new name for the file to be saved as
Here : Here are a few do's and don'ts while you're here
to : The defendant decided to bring the case to the appellate court
fax : The telephone and fax numbers are switched 
from : He has decided to secede from the association
phone : Call toll-free to order by phone. 24 hours a day, 7 days a week
page : How much does it cost to Xerox one page?
s : About 1/2 hour before serving time, add fruit (s)
certificate : I received a free certificate for a cheese burger at McDonald today
of : I left in a brace of shakes
film : The photographer was fortunate to film a fierce beast capturing its prey
business : The pace of business here is febrile
registered : Such marriages are hidden from friends and family and not registered with authorities
no. : Please let me know soon whether it is yes or no.
name : Perhaps the king of name changers is Prince
resident : She is resident at his house
ID : The new ID card works just like a transportation card 
address : Unfortunately, he had forgotten to inform the post office of his change of address 
company : Many people are uneasy in the company of strangers
location : Your current security settings do not allow you to download files from this location 
type : The woman is the type who sits on her desk 
date : I had my very first blind date yesterday 
sponsor : The company will sponsor a work visa for you
's : Believe it or not, she is in her 50's now
guarantee : I bought a refrigerator and it came with a two-year guarantee
student : One student split on his friend
name : The username is not valid. Enter a valid username
in : I haven't improved much in speaking in English
full : Add mustard until liquid measures a full cup
date : She often turns her nose up at proposals for a dinner date _ Can you move the validity date ahead one month? 
of : It's a product of modern times 
Birth : Birth-control drugs help couples limit the size of their families
address : Write your address on this paper
relationship : Our relationship was doomed from the start 
signature : The thieves pulled his signature out of thin air 
certificate : You have chosen to install a certificate from a response file
of : He is twenty years of age
enrollment : My enrollment in the fall classes took two hours
address : Sometimes the body includes the e-mail address of the sender  
name : She smiled weakly and whispered my name 
in : How much is it in the back?
full : We are not here to impress each other full of pretense 
date : Can you move the validity date ahead one month? 
birth : They were overjoyed by the birth of their first grandchild   
this : The plot of this story is very intricate 
is : He is known as a teacher, but he is not 
to : He was slow to learn to read because of a learning disability
certify : I hereby certify that the above information is all true and correct 
that : This one is incomparably better than that
the : The lane was mottled with the sunbeams filtering through the leaves
above : The mountain rises above the plain 
mentioned : My name is Mr. Park as mentioned in my introduction
person : An astronaut is a person who travels and works in a spacecraft 
is : He is known as a teacher, but he is 
enrolling : Are you enrolling in another class next month? 
At : At that time, Lily hears some strange sounds 
third : This is the third late night this week 
grade : He was fighting with the sixth-grade boys 
in : Put in a pretty glass bowl 
following : Which of the following is the most expensive to mail? 
named : He was named Slow by his people when he was young 
school : A new school year began today
the : The man was about to be on the pounce
facts : The news checks out with the facts in every detail
concerning : I was impressed by the speaker's profound insight concerning his topic
entry : No admittance except on business. or No unauthorized entry allowed
& : On the other hand, I do not often use the '&'
exit : Can we exit the plane during that time?
name : Mary always tries to impress people by name-dropping
sex : In the contemporary dance field, the sex thing is quite balanced, quite equal	
of : The teaching of the school is in chime with the thought of the founder
nationality : Please write down your name, nationality, and passport number on this card
passport : My passport expires at the end of the year
presentation : I'm hard at work on my next presentation 
checklist : That's why you were all given a checklist
to : Allow to cool till it is cool enough to handle 
management : Many companies still treat their management staff with consideration
information : Carefully read, mark, learn, and inwardly digest and all the information will become yours
to : Allow to cool till it is cool enough to handle
have : I have ten days a year
on : We are quite slow on the uptake
hand : His left hand pulled the clutch lever in
site : Helmets must be worn at the excavation site at all times
analysis : Who else worked on the analysis?
employee : How often does your company do employee evaluations?
transportation : The landslip blocked all the transportation facilities
survey : The results of the survey were quite astonishing
AVR : First, there is the AVR microcontroller-- the brains of the outfit
EPP : The EPP is a self-management programme for people with long-term health conditions
Calculation : A Study on the Simplified Energy Calculation Method of Apartment Houses
Overview : Overview of Recent Developments of Double-Skin Facade System
of : There was not much of a breeze
options : Pick from different options to customize your Help and Support Center experience
carpooling : I've been getting up at 6:00 and meeting a friend at 7:15 and carpooling in
vanpooling : Psychological benefits from vanpooling and group composition  
public : Never have public morals been more deplorably corrupt
transit : How many stages are there in the new mass transit bus system?
bicycling : The man is bicycling across the stream
walking : He is walking all over me
jogging : Watch out for dogs while you're jogging
certificate : If the common name changes, you will need to obtain a new certificate
of : The use of puppets dates back thousands of years
temporary : But his retreat from politics was only temporary
rest : I hope Paula rest in peace
permission : Look to it that nobody leaves the room without permission 
issue : He acted on the sidelines on the issue
No. : No. I was just about to		
personal : It is the process of progressively realizing your personal goals
data : Conversion failed because the data value overflowed the data type used by the provider
position : I hope we can find somebody to fill the secretarial position soon			
name : Here lies one whose name was writ in water
full : The farmer hauled away a full load of hay
I.D : I've forgotten my I.D It must be in my other suit
No. : No. I was just about to	
address : For this site, you must enter your e-mail address as the password
period : It's time to put a period to the matter
rest : He splashed his boots at the rest room
permission : Please do not open the box without my permission 
Certificate : If you use your gift certificate for something worth more than 60 percent of its face value, you'll be given the remaining change in cash
of : The water leaks out of the cask
Business : Our business has leased its offices for seven years
Trip : Her nightly trip home from work takes one hour
Travel : The Silk Road was not easy to travel
Order : She ranked the bottles in order of size
Working : The man is working on the tire
Section : I'll place an ad in the Help Wanted section of the newspaper
Position : The sea horse swims in an upright position
Name : The username is not valid. Enter a valid username
in : How much is it in the back?
Date : You can write the year after the date
of : Most of the world uses the metric system of measurement
Birth : But these bonuses appear to have little effect on the birth rates
Duration : Shark teeth grow for the duration of the animal's life
Destination : What is Ms. Johannson's final destination?
Period : Two years is not a short period
Purpose : The purpose of the court system is to protect the rights of the people
ACKNOWLEDGED : She acknowledged to herself that she was sweet on him
RESIGNATION : He flatly rejected calls for his resignation
Date : At one time, many men wanted to date me
To : It is quite silly of you to try to force him to consent
Please : I am very sorry. or Please excuse me
be : He is reputed to be very generous
advised : She wasn't too pleased when I advised her
that : That is not so bad, considering
the : The iniquity of the fathers is visited upon the children
undersigned : We, the undersigned, strongly object to the closure of St.
hereby : You are hereby ordered to vacate the premises immediately
resigns : One guy in our team said he was resigning
as : They are poles asunder. or They are as opposite as two poles
position : I hope we can find somebody to fill the secretarial position soon
of : It is to be two of a kind
corporation : What is the purpose of the Land Corporation?
effective : Yes, it says "Christie Corporation, correspondence" 
upon : She is unsuspecting and easily imposed upon
acceptance : Her acceptance by the medical school elated her 
Please : Please let us know if you are unable to attend
acknowledge : I am sure that she will acknowledge
acceptance : I confirmed the letter of acceptance three times
said : What is said about the shopping mall?
on : The man mopped up on his friend
behalf : I am speaking on behalf of the president
corporation : Is Nancy Butler still working for the Decker Corporation?
Very : He is very choosy about what he eats
truly : This is really and truly my umbrella
For : You are solely responsible for it 
corporation : We are not like a corporation
agreement : Are we all in agreement on this?
of : The issue of this enterprise affects the very existence of the company
employment : I am at present in the employment of Mr. Smith
name : The English professor's name is Dr. Smith
in : There is no one who can match him in his ability in English
full : As usual, she looked fresh and full of energy	
gender : This is not split by gender
date : You can write the year after the date
nationality : I have been discriminated against because of my nationality
department : The reservation department was swamped with calls
title : Should I refer to him by any special title or name?	
permanent : Stop trying to paste over the cracks and come up with permanent solution
address : I informed my friends of my new address
telephone : A person calls you on the telephone	
contract : The contract between the two companies will expire at the fall of the year
period : It's time to put a period to the matter	
Media : He was pursued by the media
Information : In other words, well-informed consumers watch for information and check for misinformation
Company : We became affiliated with this company last year
Contact : If you have any questions, or problems regarding your subscription, please contact us
Person : I had to choose only one person among those people
Address : For this site, you must enter your e-mail address as the password
Phone : Check your phone record, that'll be a clue
Fax : The copier and the fax machine were bought the same year
Email : We are sending you our product information by email
Type : I do enjoy writing this type of letter
of  : Of course, I regain both of times, almost all
Television : The boy is always glued to the television
Radio : The radio program is interrupted by static. or The radio is affected by static
Newspaper : The newspaper article has many misprints
Magazine : I read a magazine article on a new type of medicine
Kit : Don't worry. I have my repair kit with me
Requested : The favor of a reply is requested
Received : He received his early schooling at home
Comments : Comments: I haven't tried this recipe, just drooled over it
Rent : He was behind on his rent
Receipt : We can ship it upon receipt of your order
Date : School fees should be paid by the due date
TO : All you have to do is sit tight and wait for it to arrive
Insert : Press the withdraw button first, then insert your ATM card here
Name : What's the name of your company?
and : In shape and size, the elephant, the lion, and the cat are very different
Address : What is your main message to people when you address them?
of : Money of the order of 3 dollars
Tenant : Utility charges to be paid separately by the tenant
Received : I just received an enormous telephone bill
from : The eyes redeem the face from ugliness
the : The people are in the hospital
sum : The sum of 5 and 8 is thirteen
which : I can not tell which is which
is : He is known as a teacher, but he is not
rent : The man and the woman rent the apartment
for : The woman is paying for a glass
period : Turn chicken a few time during this period
for : Yes, every day for twenty-five years!
the : The dog is looking for his owner
premises : Life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises
described : What device is described in the report
above : There is not much left above reprises
LANDLORD : The landlord changed and the family were evicted from their accommodation
MEDICAL : The local medical school falls short of cadavers
CENTER : I volunteered at the emergency room at the medical center
BIRTH : The baby suffers two deformities from birth defects
CERTIFICATE : Who is sending the gift certificate?
Hospital : The hospital bill drove him into bankruptcy
No. : No. I am not thirsty
Name : Invalid Syntax. Cannot specify username without specifying server name
of : Yell at the top of your bent
Child : She fanned away a mosquito from the sleeping child
Sex : The sex organs are among the erogenous zones of the body
Date : This dairy product has passed the expiration date
Birth : Would you help me search for my birth mother?
Hour : Increase baking time to about 1 hour
Place : People place importance on their names
Home : Oh, I thought perhaps you weren't home
Address : Do you happen to know Mr. Brown's address?
Mother : My mother works as a sign-language interpreter for the hearing-impaired
Members : An extra member was added to his family; he adopted a baby
Health : I guess the most important thing is your health
Plan : He is favorable to our plan
Form : Request the information letter in due form
farming : It was also used for farming
operation : Numerous processes are used in our assembly operation, including underwater welding
Number : The number of runaway teenagers is increasing these days
employers : The paper resume is the most traditional form and accepted by most employers
spouse : Stop trying to pick a hole in your spouse
children : The big boy huff children to pieces
For : I was looking for the key to my house
Plan : He missed the part and parcel of our plan   
employees : What kind of employees does the man want?
Type : The woman is the type who sits on her desk
coverage : To be on the safe side, you'd better buy full coverage
requested : Visitors are requested not to touch the exhibits
Health : Proper nutrition is essential to maintain your health
Dental : Such patients need regular access to dental hygienists and regular checks
Life : People often use gestures in their daily life
Ad&D : just passed on my old boxed AD&D books to a young friend, along with all my hand-drawn maps and years of mythology building 
Critical : He didn't know how to write a news article with a critical eye
Illness : It is not a very serious illness
Congratulations : I didn't know you were promoted. Congratulations!
Letter : In enciphering, each letter of the message is replaced by another letter or figure; in encoding, syllables, words, or whole sentences are treated
Dear : Ah dear me, how sad it all is
Our : He is always on our side
best : Delayed gratification is the best way to accomplish things
wishes : She putted down her pen with best wishes
are : They are poles asunder. or They are as opposite as two poles
for : Are you waiting for sings and wonders?
you : Aren't you supposed to practice what you preach?
and : You are simply and solely young
your : Your qualifications are excellent and your achievements are remarkable
institution : He was granted a large scholarship from an academic institution
for : I was never the wiser for it
continued : He continued working for a long time
success : His career was checkered by success and failure
and : He spoke and all was still
prosperity : He used her as an icon of his prosperity and power
in : She said you were in your thirties
the : The actors doing the dances wore the masks that looked like the spirits
days : The number of runaway teenagers is increasing these days
to : On reflection, it seems to me that I was unkind to her
come : I'm afraid she won't come in time for the movie. It's almost six o'clock
License : Tracks Client Access License usage for a server product
of : I am conscious[well aware] of my want of ability
Veterinarian : Ask your veterinarian to check your pets and domesticated animals for ringworm
No. : No, thank you. I am not thirsty
Name : His daughter's name is put in the telephone directory
in : If dough is too sticky, knead in more flour
Full : Little Billy ate and ate until he was as full as a tick
No. : No. This is a new location, I'm afraid
Date : Did you meet anyone nice on the group blind date last weekend?
of : Observance of the tax laws is required of everyone
Birth : Birth-control drugs help couples limit the size of their families
is : He is above me in rank
certify : Please certify your copy from your college
that : That CD you lent me is really great
the : The road is uphill all the way
above : Above the outer corner of each eye are the almond-sized lacrimal glands
person : There isn't any honest person on God's earth
was : The iguana was ill and his owner was frantic
granted : We were granted the courtesies of the port
the : Press the pin into the balloon through the tape
license : This announcement is for anyone who is here to renew a driver's license
of : Place milk chocolate and water in top of double boiler over simmering water melt then stir until smooth
veterinarian : Veterinarian Jonathan Hill says about three-quarters of his attempts to clone cows ended in miscarriages
in : Finish the work in due degree
accordance : You should behave in accordance with your station in life
with : He was punished with a fine
the : The products were transported from the factory to the station
Veterinarian : Veterinarian Jonathan Hill says about three-quarters of his attempts to clone cows ended in miscarriages
law. : It's against the law. That's why
CERTIFICATE : Changes cannot be saved to the certificate store
OF : I can be of assistance to you in any way
RESIDENT : I don't have a social security number. I'm not a U.S. resident
REGISTRATION : Please fill out this registration form
NAME : Mary always tries to impress people by name-dropping
OF : She is president of her chapter of that committee
HOUSEHOLDER : rouse the careless householder to look to his fastenings
RELATIONSHIP : Our relationship was doomed from the start
TO : To doubt is safer than to be secure
THE : The man is staring at the stars
FAMILY : As family members and friends looked on, they exchanged wedding vows
HEAD : The teacher was biting the student's head off
OF : Finish edge of tree with loops of green ribbon
REGISTRATION : Please fill out this registration form 
ADDRESS : For this site, you must enter your e-mail address as the password
TO : I am sorry to have to disappoint you
NAME : She smiled weakly and whispered my name
RESIDENT : A third factor is how the resident population feels about the immigrant culture
NUMBER : They are reliant on a very limited number of exportable products
NAME : There are more than a million people with the last name Smith in America
OF : What is said to be one of the features of the planned stadium?
HOUSEHEAD : RELATIONSHIP TO THE PREVIOUS HOUSEHEAD 
of : Even the definition of advertising has evolved over a period of time
Issue : He acted on the sidelines on the issue
OFFICIAL : OK, so now it is official
SEAL : It is not necessary to seal the jars
AFFIXED : affix a seal to
compliment : I don't think that was much of a compliment
a : He is a famous as a tailor
salesperson : The salesperson is moving the box
Our : Our cat is stubborn as a mule
on : He was behind on his rent
your : Were you able to renew your passport?
sales : You must increase sales anyway you can
success : She held out hope of success
for : I was looking for the key to my house
The : The road is uphill all the way
last : It rained hard about this time last year, too
quarter : It is sudden cardiac arrest, and it kills a quarter-million people a year
We : We are already too deeply involved
Are : Are you sending the coin to the bottom?
fortunate : It's fortunate that you weren't hurt
to : On reflection, it seems to me that I was unkind to her
You : You wouldn't!! Are you sure you did that? 
on : It depends on what it is
our : He is favorable to our plan
them : We sent a member of our team to put them into their paces
and : For use in cats and kittens 6 weeks and older
look : This statue is not much to look at
forward : I'm afraid you're being forward withme
to : To doubt is safer than to be secure
more : He is not more diligent than you are
in : Melts in your mouth, not in your hand
the : After the earthquake, gaping holes appeared in the walls of the house
future : How I would live in the future is more important
Permission : Look to it that nobody leaves the room without permission
to : He was swift to hear, slow to speak
Use : Use this application to configureand test game controllers
Sunscreen : Did you bring the sunscreen lotion?
My : My Stop putting your bib in my life
child : She risked life and limb to save the child
may : Be that as it may, I am sorry for him
have : While firstborns, typically, have fewer friends, middle children often have many
applied : The child applied some antiseptic ointment to a wound
exposed : He is swathed in fur with only his face exposed 
skin : My impatience was popping right through my skin
areas : Men in rural areas used to kiss a woman's hand
before : I was robbed before I could say boo
going : They were forced to suck the hind tit of going first
outside : outside will cool first so you have to watch it
warm : Let cool until it is just warm
sunny : There are sunny days ahead. Don't worry about it
Signature : The thieves pulled his signature out of thin air
Parent : Every parent knows how crucial the choice of friends is for every child
Guardian : The way you're looking at your guardian angel is too scary
Date : We have fifteen people enrolled to date
Cycling : News editors seem to have a thing for cycling stories these days
& : On the other hand, I do not often use the ampersand
Walking : The automobile has largely eliminated the need for walking
Running : Rinse under running water for the same amount of time
Checklist : I see, we read the bid and mark the checklist, is that right?
hand : Melts in your mouth, not in your hand
for : It was too much for me
all : Who is the prettiest of us all?
current : Angling has become the current sport rage
or : It is not altogether disagreeable. or Not so bad
prospective : I hear you were formally introduced to a prospective wife
cyclists : Finally, please review the traffic laws as they apply to cyclists
paths : Neither of these two story paths, alas, is particularly riveting
maps : The maps inserted into this book are also very helpful
location : No. This is a new location, I'm afraid
nearest : Where is the nearest burger joint?
cycle : Remove bread at the end of the baking cycle promptly
shop : People are working in a shop
brochure : The brochure is there for the asking
products : They are reliant on a very limited number of exportable products
services : I'm looking for child care services
and : Change the language, and set installation and accessibility options
number : They are reliant on a very limited number of exportable products
bike : This bike is in need of repair
available : When is the next available appointment?
OF : It is to be two of a kind
MANUFACTURE : The process of manufacture is a closely guarded secret
WHOM : To whom is the announcement directed?
IT : Thread is so tangled up that it is impossible to straighten it out
MAY : It may well be so. or That is not impossible
CONCERN : My concern is for my son 
Name : The username is not valid. Enter a valid username
Manufacturer : The fridge was sent back to the manufacturer 
Address : What is your main message to people when you address them? 
Factory : We have to hire some more workers for the factory
Office : We have to vacate this office by next week
of : Place layers of onions on top of oranges
Licence : If a person's licence is revoked
No. : If a person's licence is revoked
Sincerely : If a person's licence is revoked
Yours : Don't covet what is not yours
General : The difference between celebrities and general people is that celebrities have something about them
HEALTH : Isn't your health more important than anything else in your life?
CERTIFICATE : If your domain name changes, you will need to obtain a new certificate
TO : She is too arrogant to speak to us
WHOM : He does not state whom is laying there
MAY : Be that as it may, I am sorry for him
CONCERN : More recently complacency has turned into concern                              
Item  : The cost of each item is stamped in ink on each item
& : Arts&HumanitiesCitationIndex
Quantity : The price depends on the quantity of your order
Importing : Importing and exporting goods that I buy on-line
Country : Is lobbying against the law in your country?
Exporter : Which country is the third largest exporter to the US? 
Reference : Security credentials are needed for account reference reporting
For : Thank you for sparing your precious time for me
Risk : As I say, it is a risk
Messrs : a firm of nursery gardeners and florist, Messrs. Cull and Rook
Sincerely : I sincerely hope there is no problem
General : The general effect of this picture appeals to me
Director : He is our director in charge of the Importing and Exporting Department
EMPLOYMENT : He is out of work and looking for employment
CERTIFICATE : A certificate is issued by a Certificate Authority to confirm your identity to others
Full : He veered full-speed into the parking lot
Name : The Sunflower is the name of the restaurant
Birth : The baby suffers two deformities from birth defects
Resident : A third factor is how the resident population feels about the immigrant culture
ID : I've forgotten my I.D. It must be in my other suit
Place : The surgeon manipulated the bones into place
Origin : What was the origin of the plan?
Present : She was not present at the meeting
ddress : Please don't address me as Mrs 
Employment : My friend found gainful employment in another city
Period : It's time to put a period to the matter 
Certificate : Who is sending the gift certificate
of : The quarrel of lovers is the renewal of love
Salary : He saves up part of his salary every month
No : No. it was a different injection 
Personal : Are you able to operate a personal computer
Data : Did anyone question the validity of your data?
Present : The verb is in the present	
Address : Please note our change of address  
Name : Here lies one whose name was writ in water
in : He is always in the dismals 
full : He is always in the dismals 
Date : You can write the year after the date 
bith : Had I been faced with this news on the bith of my twin girls, I would have been devastated  
K. I. D. : Previous posts: A. B. C. D. E. F. G. H. I. J. K. L. M. N. O. P
No : No. I couldn't. I was too busy  
Working : The woman is working on her posture
Section : I'll place an ad in the Help Wanted section of the newspaper 
Usage : Tracks Client Access License usage for a server product 
Date : Can you move the validity date ahead one month?
Amount : Rinse under running water for the same amount of time	
Income : The quarrel of lovers is the renewal of love, Many people have lived above their income
Bonus : I receive a generous bonus at my company
Total : How many total issues do subscribers receive each year?
License : This announcement is for anyone who is here to renew a driver's license 
for : You are solely responsible for it
Doctor : The doctor is out on his rounds
No. : No. This is a new location, I'm afraid 
Name : Mary always tries to impress people by name-dropping
Full : It is very old and full of meaning
Authority : He wets himself in front of people who are in authority
This : This is to dry them further
is : Thread is so tangled up that it is impossible to straighten it out
to : Were you able to talk to Mr. Silver?
certify : I affirm the above to be true in every particular. or I hereby certify the above statement to be true and correct in every detail
it : It recks me little whether it is true or not
is : It is highly commendable. or It is highly praiseworthy
licensed : No medicinal product can be licensed if it does not have a medicinal purpose
as : He is as leaky as a sieve
stated : What is NOT stated in the article?
above : Though poor, he is above telling a lie
of : It is to be two of a kind
Minister : He was appointed Minister of Foreign Affairs and Trades
of : By October of this year, almost half of the staff will have left
Ministry : According to people at the ministry there was no need for confessions
Health : Isn't your health more important than anything else in your life?
& : She works for Bond & Green
Social : Are you Insisting on social equality?
Affairs : Do your private affairs after work
commercial : I was watching a late night commercial for the kitchen utensils
invoice : We sent them an invoice, didn't we?
shipper : Call the shipper and ask them to trace it 
exporter : Which country is the third largest exporter to the US?
no. : He was save close but no cigar
& : Study Guide Alphabet Song & Chant A- E Review
date : School fees should be paid by the due date 
of : The facade of that building is made of wood
L/C : Can't you make it two months after receipt of an L/C?
for : It is useless for you to struggle
account : I need to put some money into my account 
risk : This is a risk that is hard to foretell and difficult to overcome
Messrs : Messrs Smith, Brown and Jones
issuing : The police started off with a clean slate issuing temporary drivers' licenses
bank : What time does the bank close today?
remarks : I've been hearing your sarcastic remarks for close to ten years
notify : Then we would notify you of the starting time
party : The party is sweating on the election day
An : He has a queer gait. or He walks with an odd gait
Identification : The two sisters proved their kinship by showing their identification cards
Card : To continue your subscription, please mail the enclosed business reply card immediately
Attorney : Did his attorney contact you about the trial?
Registration : Please fill out this registration form
No. : Please let me know soon whether it is yes or no
Personal : Are you able to operate a personal computer?
Data : If the media is blank, or its data is replaced, use this label instead
Permanent : Stop trying to paste over the cracks and come up with permanent solution
Address : Please note our change of address
Present : The verb is in the present
Address : Did you change your e-mail address recently?
Name : There are many different people with the same name in the world
in : He is always in a hurry
full : Little Billy ate and ate until he was as full as a tick	 
Date : Can you extend your validity date by one month?
birth : He was born out of wedlock. or He is of illegitimate birth
Date : You can write the year after the date
issue : The issue came to the fore again as the presidential election neared
Presentation : Some people are attending a presentation
Checklist : That's why you were all given a checklist
TO : He was swift to hear, slow to speak
MANAGEMENT : This parking lot is under private management
Information : Carefully read, mark, learn, and inwardly digest and all the information will become yours
to : I am reluctant to help him. or I hate to help him
on : We are quite slow on the uptake
Site : The cows are in the greenfield site
analysis : In the last analysis, walking home would be the most reasonable way
Employee : What time does the employee appreciation dinner start?
Transportation : The river is not used for transportation
Survey : The results of the survey were quite astonishing
EPP : All these parties are currently in the EPP
calculation : The result is beyond calculation at present
How : Fiddlesticks! or What nonsense! or How odd it is!
many : There are so many around here with vacancies
times : In peaceful times, the function of this system weakened
spoken : My spoken English hasn't improved much
English : His English is easy to understand. or He speaks plain English
Name : We have desks, chairs, dining room tables and wall units. You name it
Mon : It helps single parents with raising children, has social and educational programs and is open Mon.-Fri. 8:30-17:00 o'clock
Thu : In Vietnam there is a holiday called Trung Thu.
Wed : Jack wants to wed his love and have her cease her paternal fixation
fri : Foxtrotalpha I spend a great deal of my time with my fri.
Sat : The members of the committee sat round the table
Sun : The water is evaporated by the sun
Winner : I don't know who the winner was
Sub : Do me a big favor and sub for me today, would you?
License : This announcement is for anyone who is here to renew a driver's license
for : I was looking for the key to my house
No. : No. I couldn't. I was too busy
in : Melts in your mouth, not in your hand
of : The use of puppets dates back thousands of years
Authority : The manager exerted his authority and demanded better performance from his employees
This : This is fake back and edge
is : He is quite contented as he is
to : He was swift to hear, slow to speak
it : Thread is so tangled up that it is impossible to straighten it out
licensed : Our licensed, experienced guides are certified in first aid
as : She was as much agitated as him
stated : The pathology report stated my lump was malignant
above : All of the above are to be included
issue : Storytelling provides an easy path into any complex issue
Minister : The curate helped the minister prepare for Sunday services
Health : People do not know the value of health till they lose it
& : Letters & Phonics 
Social : I'm not a very social being
Official : He left his official life. or He quitted his office
Seal : It is not necessary to seal the jars
Stamped : The cost of each item is stamped in ink on each item
Certificate : You have successfully completed the Certificate Renewal Wizard
Pension : He is entitled to a pension
No. : He was save close but no cigar
Recipient : Recipient must be home at time of delivery
Name : The username is not valid. Enter a valid username
full : Little Billy ate and ate until he was as full as a tick
No. : I suppose so. I hope no one was hurt
Relation : He may be competent, but here he is a poor relation
of : All of these are the result of humankind's activities
Soldier : He is a mere private soldier
Reason : His audacity is far out of reason
Pension : The teacher lived on his pension after his retirement
Rate : They managed to maintain the warranted rate of growth
Date : The source and date of the document were omitted by an oversight
of : The effect of this new kind of virus has a long arm
Minister : A minister was involved in the scandal
of : Pottery is the art of making a pot out of clay
Ministry : He dropped correspondence with the ministry proper
National : It is common knowledge that the national debt is huge
Defense : Speak up in defense the exiled monk
Official : She has a chance of becoming an official candidate for president
Seal : Put figs and syrup into sterilised jars, seal and store in a cool place
CERTIFICATE : Thousands of executives have increased their competitive edge through our short, focused certificate programs
OF : The purpose of the court system is to protect the rights of the people
RESUMPTION : I was asked about the resumption of talks
OF : Cover and cook very slowly until the duck is very tender (time depends on origin and size of duck)
COMPANY : Many people are uneasy in the company of strangers
Permanent : She is a member of a permanent commission
address : People are more likely to remember an Internet address than a toll-free telephone number
Present : Six were present, including the teacher
Address : The secondary zone requires an address
Name : She was awakened by hearing her name called
in : There are a lot of machines not in use[lying idle] in the factory
full : This is the Help Center Full Text Search engine
Date : School fees should be paid by the due date
KID : My kid smeared paint on his hands
No. : Unpleasant or no, it is true
Position : She wanted a position with more benefits
Department : The reservation department was swamped with calls
Duration : We hope that the business recession will be of short duration
of : Cover and cook very slowly until the duck is very tender (time depends on origin and size of duck)
At : It is not at all likely
Issued : Cheap return tickets are issued to all South Coast resorts
date : I had my very first blind date yesterday
Seal : The document held by legal under his hand and seal
Affixed : Inside the church there is a small plaque affixed to the church organ
Survey : The results of the survey are in
Checklist : But simple as it was, using a checklist turned out to be effective
DISTRIBUTING : The man is distributing books to some people
SURVEYS : Surveys show E-mail is their main online activity
Are : They are poles asunder. or They are as opposite as two poles
instructions : Enclosed in this package are detailed instructions for assembling your new shelving unit
on : He was behind on his rent
following : Use one of the following basic share permissions, or create custom permissions
criteria : Are you informed of the criteria?
clear : Let's unpack and take a dip in the crystal clear, shimmering ocean
How : Fiddlesticks! or What nonsense! or How odd it is
to : He was ready to listen to me
complete : Are you planning on becoming salaried after the restructuring is complete?
the : The legs of the table are groggy
When : When is the next available appointment?
to : I don't have the guts[nerve] to ask her to marry me
the : The man stretched his leg out in the aisle of the airplane
survey : The survey questions were sent to 418 people
Why : Why are you mumbling? Hurry up and tell me!
should : Everything was as it should be
participate : It doesn't look like we'll be able to participate.
cover : Fill the eight lined ice cube cups with the chocolate; freeze atleast 4 hours, or cover and freeze up to a month
memo : What is the purpose of this memo?
from : He always shrinks from doing what is difficult
management : He is pretty connected with the management
DEBT : There is some money left over after servicing the debt obligations
ACKNOWLEDGEMEN : The flowers were a small acknowledgement of your kindness
FORM : Mr. Cramdon is not form around here
I : I was robbed before I could say boo
undersigned : We, the undersigned, agree to
hereby : I hereby certify that the above information is all true and correct
and : Oh, he is very tall and handsome
the : The man is predicting the future
Creditor : I am his creditor. or He owes me some money
that : I heard that Bob was flunked out
I : Allow me to tell you ;I will take the liberty ;I dare say;It is very presumptuous of me
am : I am the beneficiary of his kindness
indebted : We are indebted to science for this
to : He was swift to hear, slow to speak
Creditor : The creditor allowed[granted] a day of grace period for repayment
the : The road is uphill all the way
of : The house of refuge is full of refugees
dollars : That company sells three billion dollars of sneakers a year
the : The man was about to be on the pounce
mentioned : It's funny how you haven't mentioned him until now
date : Can you move the validity date ahead one month?
Signed : How many people have signed up for the workshop?
on : The man was about to be on the pounce
this : This damn copier is on the blink
day : Shame on you! You paced away all day long
the : The belts are hidden at the back
month : How many times do you eat out a month?
the : The trousers are baggy at the knees
Witness : I'm innocent as God is my witness
Debtor : The man put a debtor under the screw
Dental : Acupuncture has also been shown to relieve pain after dental procedures
Dentist : The dentist pulled out the wrong tooth
a : He is a doer, not a talker
Name : We have desks, chairs, dining room tables and wall units. You name it
Full : We are not here to impress each other full of pretense
We : We are sorry that we cannot be of further assistance
grant : Sure, I'll have this to Mr. Grant in about an hour
as : She was as much agitated as him
Issue : Storytelling provides an easy path into any complex issue
Date : Can you move the validity date ahead one month?
Army : Are you still interested in sponsoring The Salvation Army?
Serve : To serve it is not necessary to def rost
No. : No. it was a different injection
Regiment : Two regiments are being sent to garrison the town
Grade : This reader is too difficult for second-year grade pupils
Number : They are reliant on a very limited number of exportable products
of : I am conscious[well aware] of my want of ability
Full : Her suitcase was absolutely full of souvenirs
certify : I hereby certify that the above information is all true and correct
above : I am pleased to inform you that your reservation is confirmed per above
statement : His statement is based on fact. or His statement is authenticated in fact
person : I had to choose only one person among those people
is : Even though she is famous, she is still quite approachable
served : Shoes have not always served such a purely functional purpose
with : She was enamored with the puzzle
navy : The admiral retired from the navy
headquarters : My office is the headquarters for our company's work on that project
of : There was not much of a breeze
RECOMMENDATION : Do I need recommendation letters, too?
Admissions : This particular college has a very selective admissions policy
Director : Director Lee will preside over the meeting
am : I am impervious[callous] to their abuse
very : He is very diligent about his responsibilities
pleased : He was much pleased to hear that
to : It is quite silly of you to try to force him to consent
recommend : I recommend that the work (should) be done at once
to : She is impossible to talk to when she's angry
graduate : We will then launch an education program offering graduate degrees in public service
program : Displays program information, version number, and copyright
architectural : She works as a draftsman for an architectural firm
design : When are the design plans due?
I : I am glad indeed
first : He was acclaimed for his first novel
met : When I first met him, he wasn't bald
him : She was as much agitated as him
in : He is two years behind in[in arrears with] his dues
design : A floral design was embossed on the letter case
studio : My studio is too small; I'm moving to a one-bedroom home
Since : It is[has been] two years since I left school
Then : Then they are probably in the refrigerator
I : I can't believe how forgetful I am
been : Been together so long and this could never be wrong
close : Boy, that was a close call
with : He was mixed up with something shady
him : He is always there for you if you need him
Compliment : I don't think that was much of a compliment
Speaker : What does the speaker say can happen to computers?
I : Such as I am, I am happy
thoroughly : Beat in thoroughly, one at a time, 4 eggs
enjoyed : I hope you enjoyed your meal
your : Were you able to renew your passport?
yesterday : Seems like only yesterday that we were in kindergarten
evening : What time does the caretaker lock the building every evening?
Your : Did you send your kids to nursery school?
delivery : This shop offers delivery service for customers
was : He was save close but no cigar
so : It is not altogether disagreeable. or Not so bad
engaging : Abstinence is defined as not engaging in sexual intercourse
that : That old vase is a genuine antique
I : I am reluctant to help him. or I hate to help him
lost : When graduated from the school, she lost her playmates
track : She won since she had the inside track
time : We had such a blissful time on our honeymoon
변경등록 : 영화상영관 변경등록은 변경사유가 발생한 날부터 _ 유독물영업 변경등록 관련 _ 장애인 공동명의 차량의 변경 등록 관련  
신청서 : 과태료 이의신청서 양식이 필요하신 분들은 _ 만약 신청서를 뽑아가야 한다면 _ 연장근무신청서 제출 여부
도서관의 : 도서관의 1층을 마저 보고 나가려던 내 눈을 사로잡은 것은 바로 저 빨간 벽이었다 _ 도서관의 독서 장려 캠페인 _ 도서관의 경우, 대부분 자리에 대해 좌석제 시행하기 때문에
종류 : 그런데 제가 치아보험 종류 같은걸 잘 모릅니다 _ 보청기추천 및 종류 _ 공짜폰 종류
공공도서관 : 공공도서관들은 세 가지 유형의 사람들 _ 공공도서관 365일 개방 건의 _ 공공도서관의 경우 해외저널을 구독하는 경우는 거의 없습니다
작은도서관 : 우리 집 바로 뒤에 작은도서관이 생겼다 _ 작은도서관 봉사활동 _ 작은도서관에서 어떤 일을 하나요? 
장애인도서관 : 마침 '장애인의 날'이어서 장애와 관련된 책들을 골랐어요 학교도서관봉사에 필요한 책이라고 말씀을 드리니 _ 장애인도서관으로 취업할 수 있다고 생각했는데 _ 과연 조용함을 필수로 하는 장소의 도서관에서 소음을 일으키는 다수의 피해를 일으키는 사람이 장애인이라면 어떻게 해야 할까요?
병원도서관 : 동물병원과 도서관. 두 장소에 모두 있었던 학생이 한 명 있다 _ 도서관, 시장 그리고 병원 _ 각 병원도서관마다 뽑을 때 자격을 요구하기도 합니다만
교도소도서관 : 교도소도서관 자금을 지원 받기 위해 한 주도 빠짐없이 편지를 쓰고 마침내 상당한 지원을 받아내고 최신식의 도서관을 꾸민다 _ 교도소도서관의 교화교육에 관한 연구 _ 교도소도서관의 독서프로그램 분야에 
어린이도서관 : 이 근처에 새로 생긴 어린이도서관이 있나요? _ 어린이도서관 인테리어에 관한 _ 어린이도서관 공간요소의 중요도 평가
전문도서관 : 전문도서관이 생겼다는 소식을 알게 된 이후 _ 제목에 전문도서관이라고 썼지만 약간은 성격이 다른것 같다 _ 보조로써가 아닌 앞으로 전문적인 도서관 사서 일을 하게하고 싶습니다
명칭 : 부분별 명칭과 쓰임새에 대해서 알고 싶으시다면 _ 얼굴근육의 명칭과 기능들에 대해 알아보았습니다 _ 필름카메라의 부분 별 명칭과 쓰임에 대해서
소재지 : 소재지 주변의 _ 소재지 쓰기 참 난감하네요 _ 일반폐기물 재활용 소재지를
변경사항 : 기초수급자가 원룸 임대 시 변경사항 _ 노래연습장 명의변경 시 확인사항 _ 피부미용국가자격증 변경된 사항
현행 : 현행범과 현행범인은 다른 건가요? _ 현행 낙태와 관련된 법에 대한 질문입니다 _ 수집 가능한 대한민국 현행 동전 가짓수
변경 : 조건이 변경되어 훨씬 넓게 사용하실 수 있습니다 _ 친권자변경을 하려고 하는데요 _ 업종변경
변경등록을 : 변경등록을 하지 아니하고 영업을 한 자는 _ 휴대폰번호 변경등록을 하지 않은 것이 _ 정한 기한 내에 변경등록을 하고 있습니까? 
신청합니다 : 입양 신청합니다 _ 이혼하신 어머니 빚 때문에 도움 신청합니다 _ a/s 신청합니다
신청인 : 신청서에 신청인 란에 가해자개인이름을 적는다는데, 도저히 _ 신청인과의 관계 _ 이혼소송 신청인 
도서관 : 도서관 북페스티벌을 개최한다 _ 환경 조성으로 시민만족형 도서관을 만들어 가겠다고 밝혔다 _ 뭐 아무날도 아니라서 저는 오늘도 도서관에 갑니다 
시설명세서 : 생산시설명세서 파일입니다 _ 숙박시설 매각물건명세서입니다 _ 배출시설 및 방지시설의 설치명세서
명칭 : 캐릭터들의 국내 공식 명칭은? _ 외상구매자 명칭 _ 명칭의 물리적 길이에 제한이 없는 것과 
도서관의 : 방학 중 도서관의 변신 _ 장난감과 도서관의 만남 _ 흔한 도서관의 경고가
종류 : 두드러기 종류는? _ 칼의 종류와 구입 노하우 _ 한 종류 꽃으로 초간단 
공공도서관 : 공공도서관 문 앞의 야만인들 _ 공공도서관 통합도서서비스 _ 공공도서관 서비스 경영론 
작은도서관 : 작은도서관 통합 홈페이지 _ 작은도서관 운영활성화 대책 _ 기부금을 활용한 작은도서관 활성화 방안
장애인도서관 : 도서관에서 시각장애인과 친구되기 _ 장애인을 위한 도서관 서비스 _ 시각장애인도서관 
병원도서관 : 건강 관련 도서를 갖춘 치유 테마 병원도서관 _ 병원도서관의 정보봉사 활성화 요인에 관한 연구 _ 병원 근처에 무료로 사용할수 있는 도서관 있나요? 
교도소도서관 : 교도소도서관의 교화교육에 관한 연구 _ 교도소에 도서관이 있을까요? _ 교도소 도서관의 사서가 된 것이지요
어린이도서관 : 다문화어린이도서관 _ 어린이 도서관에 한국사 관련 책자 300여권을 기증했다 _ 유치원 끝나고 집에 가기 싫다해서 어린이 도서관에 왔답니다
전문도서관 : 전세계적으로 어떤 전문도서관이 있는지 궁금합니다 _ 전문도서관을 견학해야 하는데요 만화도서관이 전문도서관이 맞나요? _ 음식전문도서관의 홈페이지나 사이트를 보고 싶은데 홈페이지 주소를 못찾겠어요
이용자 : 이용자의 요구는 무엇인지, 이용자가 원하는 자료를 얼마나 쉽게 찾아낼 수 있는지 _ 소액대출 이용자많나요? _ 다운로드 이용자 가장 많은 사이트 어디인가요
수 : 서로 볼 수 없다 하여 _ 빌려준 돈을 받을 수 있는지요? _ 퇴직금 받을수있을까요?
시설 : 미혼모시설 들어가서 벌점을 받고 퇴소당할시 다른지역 시설 들어가는데 지장이있나요? _ 아동보육시설에서 일하는것으로 잡았는데요 _ 장애인들이 생활하는 시설을 뭐라고 하죠?
열람석 : 열람석의 크기를 조절합니다 _ 반드시 열람석에서 무선인터넷이 되야해요 _ 열람석 의자개수로 하루 수용인원을 어떻게 계산하는지 자료를 찾을수가없네요
좌석 : 원하는 좌석도 배정받을 수 있다 _ 좌석선택하면 추가요금이 들어가던데요 _ 노인좌석은 앉아야할지?
수 : 수입보세 여성의류 쇼핑몰 _ 가족한복대여 할 수 있는곳 _ 무료재무설계상담 믿을수 있는곳 추천
열람실별 : 열람실별로 좌석의 배치를 알 수 있으며 좌석이 비어있는지 알 수 있죠 _ 열람실별로 책상크기 다르게 해보세여 _ 주민등록번호를 입력하면 빈좌석이 열람실별로 화면에 뜹니다
좌석 : 지하철 좌석 진드기 발견 _ 공연별 좌석 배치가 궁금하다 _ 비행기 좌석 좋은자리 잡는법
자료 : 나머지 그림자료 _ 저는 제 자리컴에는 자료를 넣어 놓지않고 _ 대량 자료 백업하는데 좋은 법 아시는분
도서 : 추천도서라고 꼭 읽어보라고 계속 강조를 하기에 못이기는척하고 _ 건강도서를챙겨 읽어보게되었다 _ 시각장애인도서관 도서 입력봉사
연속간행물 : 연속간행물실? 그게 뭐에요? _ 연속간행물은 자료의 유형에 따라 보존방법과 기간이 다릅니다 _ 연속간행물을 무료로 나눠드려요
비도서 자료 : 파손과 분실의 이유로 비도서 자료는 대출하지 못한다 _ 비도서자료실 이용의 장점 _ 리모콘과 DVD를 다시 반납하면서 비도서자료이용을 마쳤는데
그 : 그냥 습관처럼 _ 그 남자애는 왜쳐다볼까요 _ 그친구? 그 친구?
밖의 : 지구 밖의 지구 생명체가 살기에 적합한 _ 능력밖의 일을 수행한다는 사자성어 _ 공간의 열기를 선풍기로 밖의 공기 주입 
자료 : 유아종이접기 52종류 자료 _ 색깔 공부 자료 모음 _ 지역별 고용조사 통계자료
직원 : 출산휴가 갔던 직원이 한 열흘 후면 복직을합니다 _ 직원간 불화 발생시 해당직원에 대한 처리 방안 _ 직원의 상습절도
사서직원 : 다른 것은 제쳐두고 사서직원 배치기준이 어떻게 이렇게 터무니없이 나왔을까에 의문이 갔습니다 _ 사서직원 1명을 더 둔다 _ 집을 사서 이사를 왔는데요 아파트 관리 직원에게 수리를 의뢰 했더니
일반직원 : 일반직원 등을 대상으로 손위생 캠페인을 펼쳤다 _ 일반직원들이 서로 섞여서 있더라구요 _ 일반직원들은 그래도 19:00전에 퇴근을 하지만 저는 일때문에 항상 고정적인 퇴근을 해본적이 거의 손 꼽힐 정도 밖에 되질 않네요 
도서관 : 도서관에서 흔히 볼 수 있는 독서실의 흔한 경고로 _ 도서관 천장에 cctv 여러 대가 설치돼 있고 다 녹화하고 있습니다 _ 도서관이나 그룹 스터디 사용 시
폐관신고서 : 미술관 폐관신고서는 _ 폐관 즉시 폐관신고서에 등록증을 첨부하여 _ 자료실 폐관시간을 알리는 방송이 들려왔고 난 서둘러 마무리 정리를... 뒷통수가 무섭도록 따가웠지만 신발을 신고서 잠시 잠깐 멈칫했지만
도서관의 : 도서관의 주인 다시 그곳으로 가고 싶다 _ 주민친화적 도서관의 운명을 타고났다고 할 수 있다 _ 전자도서관의 감상평
종류 : 강아지 종류 내 성격에 어울리는 개는 누구? _ 종류는 잘 모르겠다고 하네요 _ 오류의 종류(동사, 명사, 관사, 단어 와 문장구조)와 피드백의 종류
공공도서관 : 공공도서관이 있지만 워낙 소규모라 어린이 책이 별로 없다 _ 공공도서관 덕분에 독서왕이 됐어요 _ 비영어권 이용자를 위한 공공도서관 영어독서 프로그램 사례 연구
작은도서관 : 작은도서관이 있습니다. 당초 등록시에는 설립자를 _ 작은도서관개관시간 _ 작은도서관에서 추가로 책을 대출하셔도 됩니다
장애인도서관 : 장애인도서관지원센터를 폐지하고 _ 시각장애인 모바일 점자도서관 _ 장애인도서관 통계지표 개선에 관한 연구
병원도서관 : 병원도서관마다 뽑을때 자격을 요구하기도 합니다만, 일반적인 자격을 충실히 갖추는 것이 중요합니다 _ 리포트병원도서관 이용자 만족도에 대한 설문 통계발표 _ 병원도서관의 효율적 경영에 있어서 최고경영자의 중요성에대해서 알아보고자
교도소도서관 : 신문의 기자로 일하다 건강보험의 문제 등 지극히 경제적인 사정으로 교도소도서관 사서직에 지원하게 된다 _ 교도소·구치소 도서관에는 이렇게 쌓인 장서가 35만 2000권에 이른다 _ 교도소도서관 자금을 지원받기위해 한 주도 빠짐없이 편지를 쓰고 마침내 상당한 지원을 받아내고 최신식의 도서관을 꾸민다
어린이도서관 : 어린이도서관 공간요소의 중요도 평가 _ 어린이도서관의 공간특성과 이용행태에 관한 이용자 인식조사 _ 어린이도서관의 이용자편익
전문도서관 : 전문도서관에서 근무한 경력은 해당 도서관의 열람실 면적이 _ 이것 말고는 공식적인 전문도서관은 적었고 _ 전문도서관은 연구원급 이상의 자격을 갖추어야 합니다
설립자 : 고아원의 설립자 _ 설립자본금 _ 교육비를 설립자에게 부담시켜야 한다는 원칙
성명 : 부대표 성명을 발표하고 있다 _ 성명을 넘어 _ 성명궁합
명칭 : 명칭검색에 대한 사항으로 _ 손가락 명칭 검지가 뭐에요? _ 내부 장기별 명칭도 알아볼려고 했지만
소재지 : 폐기물회사사무실 소재지의 변경 _ 본점소재지 변경 _ 시골 면 소재지 둘러보기
사유 : 이런 것도 이혼사유가 될까요? _ 부부관계 거부가 이혼사유죠 _ 일을하기싫어하는 남편이있어요  늦게자면잠못자서 출근을못한데요  이런게한두번이아닌데  이혼사유가되나요?
폐관을 : 폐관을 세시간정도 앞두고 도착해서 _ 왜 폐관을 했지? _ 18시 폐관을 기준으로 최소한 한시간전인 17시 어간에 도착 좋다고 들어가는데 "노"라고 한다
신고합니다 : 이상한 답변 신고합니다 _ 도용 의심 사례를 신고합니다 _ 집문서 분실을 신고합니다
신청인 : 여자한테 놀자고 하면 데이트신청인가요? _ 파산신청 후, 신청인이 사망할 _ 신청인 불출석및 개명허가신청 소요기간 
안경업소 : 앞으로 미용용 콘택트렌즈는 안경업소에서만 판매할 수 있다 _ 안경업소 단체가 앞장서서 출산장려시책에 솔선 참여한 것은 극히 이례적인 사례이며 _ 한 개의 안경업소만을 개설할 수 있습니다
개설등록신청서 : 치과기공소 개설등록신청서 _ 부동산중개사무소 개설등록 신청서 _ 약국개설등록신청서
안경업소 : 소매안경업소 운영개선 방안연구 _ 안경업소에서 모든 안경착용자를 대상으로 무료 _ 1인이 1개의 안경업소만을 개설할 수 있도록
명칭 : 헤어디자인과 두피 명칭 알기 _ 손톱명칭 _ 갑을관계 명칭 변경
소재지 : 사무소의 명칭과 소재지만을 등기하면 된다 _ 폐기물회사사무실 소재지의 변경 _ 본점소재지 변경
개설자 : 개설자 변경만으로 _ 과학교실 강좌 개설자 공모 _ 병원 개설자인 원장님이 아닌
성명 : 무료성명풀이 _ 대변인 성명 _ 영문성명표기법
안경업소 : 아이 안경을 맞춰여 될 것 같은데 한인업소나 로칼업소가 차이가 없나요? _ 안경업소 자율 점검 _ 비디오감상실, 안경업소
개설등록을 : 개설등록을 취소할 수 있다 _ 저는 인테리어를 마쳐서 개설등록을 받으면 되는 상황인데 나머지 의원 및 다중이용시설들은 아직 인테리어 중인것으로 알고 있습니다 _ 개설등록을 하지 아니하고 중개업을 한 자 
신청합니다 : 이번에도 손글씨 신청합니다 _ 이름 감명 신청합니다 _ 이혼상담 신청합니다
개설인 : 개설인에게 보내졌다는 것을 설명하는 _ 개설인이 거절의 권리 _ 개설인 입장에서 어떠한 위험이 있는지 궁금합니다
귀하 : 귀하의 글을 출판하고 싶습니다 _ 귀하께서 문의하신 것에 서로 엇갈리는 부분이 있습니다 _ 미혼모 또는 미혼부에 대한 귀하의 견해를 제시하고
안경업소 : 안경사의 면허없이 안경업소를 개설한자 _ 안경업소의 표시광고 _ 안경업소 및 치과
양도 : 티켓 양도해 주실 분을 찾습니다 _ 지질적으로 대륙과 아무 관계없이 대륙붕 위에 떠 있는 섬을 말하며 해양도라고도 한다 _ 섬의 형태가 양을 닮아 양도라는 이름이 붙었다
양수 : 엄마보고 양수아니냐니깐 좀더 있어보자고 나도 이제 이슬이 터진건가하고 _ 갑자기 양수가 터진거에요 팬티라이너도 다젖어서 병원으로 가서 검사해보니 양수가샌다고 _ 양수양도 적다하셔서
신고서 : 왜 이혼신고서를 똑같은걸 3장이나 쓰나요? _ 미성년 혼인신고서작성 방법 _ 출생신고서를 보고싶은데요
안경업소 : 특히 업소 같은데나 아파트 동 같은거 찾을때 가까이 가야지 확인이 된다는 불편함 때문에 불편하겠지만 안경을 맞췄습니다 _ 안경업소 등은 사진 의무 제출이 폐지됐지만 _ 미용 콘텍트렌즈는 안경업소에만 살 수 있도록
명칭 : 활동을 통해 몸의 각 부분 명칭을 익혀요 _ 힐 모양별 명칭 알아보기 _ 한글전집을 읽으며 여러 기초 사물의 명칭을
소재지 : 임금체불지급신청은 사업장소재지 _ 본점소재지를 일반 주택으로 설정해도 되는지 알고 싶습니다 _ 계약서를 확인해보니 소재지 부분에 한글자가 오타가 나있더라구요
양도인 : 양도인 도장이 없어서 등록이 안된데요 _ 그런데 양도인이 사망했는데 _ 점포계약후 양도인이 근처에 동종업종으로
성명 : 주민번호없고 주소와 성명만 있는 _ 이 모델의 성명이 어떻게 되나요? _ 인감도장 만드는데 필요한 성명
양수인 : a<0, b>0 일때 , 항상 양수인 것은? _ 음수와 음수를 곱하면 왜 양수인가요? _ 오차의 한계가 항상 양수인 이유
성명 : 지정 촉구 성명서 채택 _ 유엔 사무총장이 긴급의 성명 _ 해외 한국학 학자 공동성명
위와 : 위와 명치부위가 답답합니다 _ 영화를 보면 화면 위와 아래에 검은 칸이 있잖아요? _ 위와 같은 사진처럼 그리려면
같이 : 아기랑 고양이 같이 키워도 되나요? _ 같이밥먹을친구가없어요 _ 과외 같이 하는 여자랑 친해지는법
신고합니다 : 자진신고합니다 _ 질문에 도움이 되지 않으면 신고합니다 _ 거래사기로 신고합니다
양수인 : 최종 양수인에게도 책임이 있다 _ 양수받은 양수인에게 이를 청구할 수 있는가 _ 회사에 대하여 효력이 없는 주식 양수인
귀하 : 귀하의 부주의 _ 귀하가 임대인에게 연락하였을 때 임대인은 당분간 들어올 계획이 없으므로 _ 귀하의 사주는 다듬어지지 않은 쇠 날에 태어난 사주로
주민등록증 : 주민등록증, 운전면허증 뭘 들고 다녀야 하나? _ 주민등록증은 몇 살부터 만들 수 있어요? _ 주민등록증 진위확인 하는법 3가지
발급신청확인서 : 발급신청확인서 바로 뽑을 수 있을까요? _ 장애인기업 확인서 발급신청 방법 _ 봉사활동 확인서 발급 신청 가능
사진 : 사진편집 프로그램 _ 사진인화 할려고 하는데요. 사진인화 싼곳 추천해주세요 휴가갔다오고나서 찍은 사진들때문에 사진인화 할려고 하는데요. 넘 많아서 사진인화 사이트에 맡기려고 합니다 _ 사진 용량 줄이기 화질변화없음
유효기간 : 깜빡하고 유효기간이 지나서 못바꾸는 경우도 생기더라구요 _ 발행일자 없고 유효기간 지난 상품권 _ 약유효기간,약보관법
주민등록증의 : 주민등록증 보관의 중요성 및 위변조가 범죄행위임을 주지 _ 주민등록증의 신규발급 신청은 _ 주민등록증의 하단에서만 확인할 수 있는 
발급을 : 장애인 통합복지카드 발급을 위한 업무협력 체결 _ 임금체불확인서 발급을 요구하였는데 담당관이 발급해줄수 없다고 하였습니다 _ 발급을안하게되면어떻게되나요?
신청하였음을 : 막 특허 신청하였음을 알려 드립니다 _ 저희는 이미 다른 곳에 주문을 신청하였음을 알려드리게 되어 죄송합니다 _ 신청하였음을 증명하는 문서를 제출받지 못한 때에는 
확인합니다 : 병 속에 모래로 그림을 확인합니다 _ 이름을 잘못 확인합니다 _ 쪽지나 게시판은 수시로 확인합니다
인공수정시술 : 인공수정시술비용 정리, 이리저리 자문도 많이 받고 검색도 많이했는데 _ 다름이 아니라 어제 인공수정시술을 하고 30분 누워 있다가 집으로 가서 밥먹고 병원에서 준 약 5알먹고 다시 3시간 정도 누워 있다가 관계를 가졌는데요 _ 인공수정 실패로 시험관아기시술 고려할 수 있어요
지원신청서 : 울둘째 보육료 지원신청서 접수하러 가요 _ 오늘 학교에서 가정통신문으로 '학교 교육비 통합 지원 신청서'라는걸나눠줬어요 _ 교육 환급액 지원신청서
본인 : 본인부담상한액을 초과해 지불한 진료비에 대해 _ 근무지 본인선택은 일년에 한차례 밖에 없습니다 _ 본인명의 휴대전화 없는 분들 본인인증 어떻게 하시나요?
성명 : "성명"은 어뗜 개념인가? _ 성명풀이좀 부탁드려요 _ 역사적인물 영문성명표기
직업 : 직업체험전 _ 학교 방학숙제로 특이한 직업을 알아가야 합니다 아주 특이하고 _ 직업상담사
배우자 : 배우자의 집착과 간섭도 사랑의 일종이다? _ 외국인 배우자 비자와 한국 영주권자의 외국인 배우자 비자가 다르게 _ 로봇과 배우자
성명 : 고객관리폼에서의 성명 중복 확인 _ 지어진 성명을 꼭 사용하겠다는 분에게는 성명해설을 담은 파일을 작성하여 알려드렸습니다 _ 성명을 한글자 잘못썻습니다
직업 : 동일한 직업임에도 밸런스가 심하게 일그러진 _ 직업상담사 자격증 온라인강의 _ 이사람 무슨 직업을 가진 사람 같아요?
난임기간 : 부부관계의 시기 및 난임기간에 대해서 알아보겠습니다 _ 난임기간과 난소의 수술력을 고려하면 _ 그 누구보다 그 기간이 얼마나 고통스럽고 힘든지 기에 난임의 원인이 되는 생리불순 그 원인을 알아보고 생리불순에 좋은
피임기간제외 : 중요한 것은 나이, 예상 피임기간, 성교패턴, 가족계획 등을 고려해 가장 적합한 사용하는 피임방법 중 영구 피임법인 ‘여성불임법’을 제외하고 _ 인공수정을 고려하시는 것이 좋겠습니다(기간만 제외하고는 임신가능성이 극히 드물다고봐도 됩니다 하지만 단지 날짜상으로 피임을 하는 것은) _ 임신 가능 기간을 제외한 나머지 날에는 관계를 맺어도 피임이 가능한 건가요?
본인 : 사진만 보니 본인 사진만으로 구성된 _ 본인 확인은 하지만 _ 휴대폰 본인인증
붙임 서류 : 붙임 서류대로 작성하여 주시면 됩니다. 도서관 운영 실적의 경우 _ 서식 같은데 보면 붙임서류라는 문구가 있는데 무엇을 말하는건가요? 왠지 나만 모를는거 같은 느낌 _ 붙임 서류 때문에 고민하시는 듯 하군요
난임부부지원사업 : 저출산 현상을 극복하기 위해 금전적인 부담으로 불임시술을 시도해 보지 못한 부부에게 난임부부지원사업을 _ 난임부부지원사업 대상자 선정기준은 다음과 같습니다 _ 난임부부지원사업의 가구원 수에 대해 문의를 하셨는데요
개인정보 : 개인정보 유출 _ 개인정보이용내역 안내 _ 개인정보 이용메일이 오네요 제 개인정보가 노출된건가요?
제공동의서 : 치석제거 등록 개인정보 제공동의서 서식자료 _ 제3자 제공동의서가 필요하내요 _ 개인정보 제공 및 활용 동의서 내용 변경
주민등록증 : 커플주민등록증을 소개해드릴까 해요 _ 주민등록증 사본을 제출하라고 하네요 _ 주민등록증사진,규정이 달라졌다고? 
분실신고서 : 분실신고서 발급을 계속 미루었다고 합니다 _ 분실신고서 외에 혹시 더 지참할 서류가 있을까요? _ 각종 분실신고서
신고인 : 이번 부재자 신고인 _ 신고인을 상대로 피해보상이나 손해보상을 청구할수 있는지요 _ 신고인의 보호
분실자와의 : 분실자와 취득자 사이의 _ 분실자와의 뒷일은 당해보지않아 _ 주차권 발행시점에 주차권 발행기와 연동하여 주차권번호 정보를 동시에 보관하여 주차권 분실자의 입차시간 
관계 : 탈모와 혈액형의 관계 _ 목적격 관계대명사 질문있습니다 _ 관계후 갈색냉이나올 때
분실자 : 영주권 분실자의 여행증명서 _ 습득자는 분실자에게 돌려줄 의무가 있나요? _ 17년전 분실자동차와 세금, 폐차
신고내용 : 저에게 전화온 번호에요 통화내용은 다들 비슷한거 같더라구요 대충 전화로 신고를 하였답니다 신고한다고 달라지는것도 없겠지만 _ 신고내용대로 다시한번 재결정부탁드립니다 _ 스팸신고 한 내용 확인할수있나요?
장소 : 바로 "프로포즈이벤트 장소는 어떻게 하지?" 였어요 _ 수련회 장소를 추천합니다 _ 마지막 연말모임장소
분실사유 : 스스로 분실사유를 알 수 없다며 _ 요즘 분실사유는 잘 안따져서 _ 여권 분실 사유도 구청직원들이 다쓰고 저는 싸인만 하라면서
위와 : 책상 위와 책꽃이 _ 조만간 위와 대장 내시경검사를 같은날 할예정입니다 _ 위와 대장 내시경 비용
같이 : 같이간 친구가 누워 쉬고 있지요 _ 합의이혼 서류접수 할 때에 두사람이 같이 가나요? _ 보육교사자격증 같이공부해요 
주민등록증의 : 신규 주민등록증의 통보 _ 주민등록증의 훼손 혹은 본인이 원하여 사진을 교체하고 싶은 경우 포함 _ 주민등록증의 비밀 
분실을 : 도서대출 연체와 분실을 줄이는 방법 _ 휴대폰 분실을 했는데 그 안에 가족들 주민번호와 이름이 _ 렌즈캡 분실을 방지해주는 렌즈캡 홀더
신고합니다 : 불친절을 신고합니다 _ 불법사업장 신고합니다 _ 청춘 신고합니다
서명 : 본인서명확인서 _ 서명란에 그냥 이름 정자로 기입해도 되나요? _ 본인서명확인서 라는것이 있더라구요
수수료 : 수수료 아끼는 방법 _ 그런데 자꾸 무슨 수수료얘기를 하면서 머라머라 하는거예여 _ 서비스의 대가로서 대리점 등에 지급하는 수수료를 말한다
유의사항 : 치아보험추천 가입시 유의사항 _ 원정출산 직후 한국귀국시 유의사항 문의드립니다 _ 조사방법 및 결과분석, 유의사항에 대하여 설명하여 주세요 
분실된 : 분실된 휴대폰 찾아줬더니 적반하장인 핸드폰 주인 _ 분실된 폰은 되팔이도 요즘은 못합니다 그런 폰은 대부분 _ 분실된 암호
주민등록증을 : 주민등록증을 재발급받는 방법과 재발급시 필요한 준비물을 알아보겠습니다. 보통 지갑을 통으로 분실해서 주민등록증을 재발급 받는 경우가 많으실 겁니다 _ 주민등록증을 타인에게 양도하는건 혹시, 불법아닌가요? _ 주민등록증을 가지고 다니지 않는다고 해서 
되찾았을 : 단지 오른 다리를 반드시되찾았을 때도 _ 도난 당한 물건을 되찾았을 때 범인의 신고 _ 청각을 되찾았을 때 
때에는 : 평화적으로 해결이 안될 때에는 병이 생기면 되도록 자연히 낫게 하는 것이 _ 잠이 안올때에는 어덯게 해야되냐요 _ '때에는'과 '때는'의 차이
철회신고를 : 이혼의사 철회신고를 할 경우 이혼이 성립되지 않습니다 _ 협의이혼철회신고를 한경우 이후 마음이 바뀌었을때는 _ 이혼신고가 수리되기 전에 이혼의사 철회신고를 할 경우
해 : 뱃살빼는법 공유해요 _ 제가 중3인데 초경을 안해요 _ 결혼예물 결정 얼마나 해요?
주시기 : 읽어주시기 바랍니다.안 그래도 요즘 바쁜데 이런거 까지 일일히 말하고 싶지 않았지만누누히 말씀 드렸는데요 _ 아래 문장 바꿔주시기 바랍니다 _ 시한을 정해 써주시기를 부탁드립니다
바랍니다 : 읽어주시기 바랍니다. 안 그래도 요즘 바쁜데 이런거 까지 일일히 말하고 싶지 않았지만누누히 말씀 드렸는데요 _ 문장 분석바랍니다 _ cctv설치업체 추천바랍니다
사망 신고서 : 사망 신고서의 항목들이 너무 자세하다는 것은 잔인한 일이다 _ 사망신고서 말고는 어떤걸 때야하는지모르겠습니다 _ 제가 직접 아무 동사무소 가서 사망신고서를 뗄수 있나요?
사망자 : 의사들이 파업하는데 왜 사망자가 줄었을까? _ 사망자 부동산 상속관련해서 몇가지 여쭈어보고 싶어 글을 남깁니다 _ 사망자사이버추모관
성별 : 성별 바꾸는거 _ 부모의 동의가 없으면 성별정정이 불가능한가요? _ 임신중 성별구별법
세대주관계 : 세대주와 관계없이 _ 세대주에 관계없이 주민등록상 주소를 옮길 수 있나요? _ 이력서 작성할 때 세대주와의 관계를 작성했는지 꼼꼼하게 보는 곳도 있더라구요
사망일시 : 사망보험금을 일시로 지급을 받으실 수 있는 _ 사망일시가 한달 이상 경과했을 경우 _ 사망자의 사망일시가 기재된 기본증명서가 뭐죠?
사망장소 : 나머지 것은 다 아는데 사망장소만 모릅니다 _ 제3의 사망 장소 의혹 _ 같은 장소에서 10년간 10번 자살 시도한 남,11번째 결국 사망
주택내 : 주택내 전기고장신고 전화번호좀 알려주세요 _ 주택내 침대 매트리스 건식청소입니다 _ 다가구 주택내 1층 주차장을 상가로 용도변경할려고 
의료기관 : 의료기관의 명칭표시에 대한 질의입니다 _ 의료기관 인증 준비 열기 _ 의료기관의 명칭표시 
사설 기관 : 사설 기관이 많아서 입소비용이 엄청나게 비쌉니다. 요양원은 결론은 치매, 뇌졸중, 파킨슨 같은 노인성 질환을 가진 분들이 입소가능한 것이 전문요양시설이며 _ 사설기관 또는 복지관 고민중이예요 _ 사설기관 교육받고 국내/해외취업 가능할까요?   
산업장 : 약국이 없는 산업장 _ 산업장 유출 사고로 되돌아본 의학의 책임 _ 산업장일반폐기물
병원 : 눈 부상을 당해 병원치료를 받은 사실이 _ 눈매교정하려고 눈성형잘하는병원 다녀왔어요 _ 병원가서 말씀드렸어요 
이송 : 병원까지 이송이 가능할까요? 차 안막힘 사실 한시간거리인데 _ 다툼에 의한 강제이송조치 _ 피난용 계단이송의자 재난 시 사용 문제없나?
중 : 수습기간중 해고 _ 아이낳고 모유수유중다이어트 하는게 생각보다 만만치 않을 것 같아요 _ 둘 중에 하나
사망 : 남편 사망후 이혼 가능한가요 _ 너무 더워서 사망한 사람까지 나오고 있습니다 _ 남편 사망후 이혼 가능한가요
신고인 : 신고인의 서류보관 _ 신고인이 누구인지 알아보려면, 어디서 조회할 수 있나요? _ 신고인의 보호
동거 친족 : 동거하는 삼촌의 전축을 훔친 경우 친족간을 _ 동거친족이라는 이유로 이런저런 서류들을 달라고 하더군요 _ 동거하는 친족 관계
비동거 친족 : 비동거 친족 가능 _ 비동거친족의 경우에는 원칙상 가입을 하도록 되어 있구요 _ 비동거친족의 경우 친고죄로 정하고 있습니다 
동거자 : 예전부터 생각해 두었던 동거자를 찾게 되었습니다 _ 한낫 동거자에 불과하구나 미래를 같이 할 생각이 없는줄알았죠 _ 동거자 사망으로인한 재산상속
관계 : 관계대명사 _ 관계후 임신가능성 _ 관계할때 자세가 어려워요
입양대상아동확인서 : 입양대상아동확인서, 범죄경력조회 회신서 _ 입양대상아동확인서 입소신청서 입산허가신청서 입목벌채 임산물굴취 채취허가신청서 산림형질변경 채취신고서 _ 혼인관계증명서, 가족관계증명서, 주민등록등본, 입양대상아동확인서
신청인 : 신청인 사망시 _ 신청인과의 관계 _ 신청인이 불가피한 사정으로 참석하지못할시에는
시설명 : 보육교사모집 시설명 _ 상세한 내용은 시설명 클릭 _ 소독을 실시한 시설명과 시설 대표자의 이름을 적는다
대표자 : 많은 대표자 분들이 참석해주셨습니다 _ 대표자가 변경되었습니다 _ 대표자의 소득은 별개로 관리가 됩니다
아동 : 친환경아동가구 파는 매장 _ 방치아동 고아원 입소과정에 대해 궁금해요 이웃이 방치아동으로 신고해서 _ 아동에게 실시한 말 언어장애 검사 결과를 기초로
성명 : 오늘은 간단하게, 조상땅 찾기 성명조회 서비스 활용 방법에 대해 알아볼 텐데요 _ 편의점택배받는사람성명에다가받는사람주소쓰면되나요? _ 성명의원
부양의무자기준 : 부양의무자기준으로 인해 세상을 떠나야했던 이를 보내며 부양의무자기준 폐지하라 _ 부양의무자의 범위는 본인까지 인 것으로 압니다 _ 출가한딸 부양의무자 기준 
출현 : 작년과같은 살인해파리가 출현했다고 하네요 _ 처음 출현했을 때 그대로의 모습이라고 살아있는 화석이라고 막 그러던데 _ 보조출현 몸무게제한도있나요?
유 : 버들 유 빛날 희 보배 진 한자로써주세요 _ 자유여 _ 유선 전화기
무 : 무 말려서 차 끓여먹을까 하는데요 어떤 효능이 잇나요? _ 무생채 반찬은 우리집에서 김치보다 더 인기있는 반찬이다 _ 무알콜맥주사는곳
위와 : 위와 명치부위가 답답합니다 _ 위와 장에는 사과가 좋나요? _ 유충 제거 후 발생한 위와 대장의
같이 : 오래간만에 같이 운동을 하기로 했다 _ 폐결핵 치료 받은 후 음식 같이 먹어도 되나요? _ 오늘 같이 일어날 일 없다 
입양대상자임을 : 입양대상자임을 증명하는 서류를 발급 받고자 시장·군수·구청장에게 신청하는 민원입니다 _ 입양자 또는 거택보호대상자임을 증명할 수 있는 _ 국외교육비 공제대상자임을 입증하는 서류호적등본 및 주민등록표등본 호적등본 주민등록표등본, 입양증명서
확인하여 : 모발이식후기를 확인하여 탈모를 해결해 보세요 _ 단수여권 확인하여 실수하지 않도록 하자 _ 실시간으로 확인하여 채택해 드리겠습니다
주시기 : 읽어주시기 바랍니다 안 그래도 요즘 바쁜데 이런거 까지 일일히 말하고 싶지 않았지만 _ 아래 문장 바꿔주시기 바랍니다 _ 보관해 주시기 바랍니다
바랍니다 : 있으니 조심하시기 바랍니다 _ 견적바랍니다 _ 단백질 보충제 추천바랍니다
서명 : 독자생존 서명을 받게 되었습니다 _ 서명란에 그냥 이름 정자로 기입해도 되나요? _ 서명위조
입양신고서 : 입양취소신고서 _ 신청하려고 입양신고서를 받아왔는데요. 동의자에 친부, 친모 동의를 받아야 되는데, 친모는 작년에 돌아가셨습니다 _ 입양신고서 양식을 달라고 하여 당사자 란에 아이를 중심으로
양친 : 양친께서 아르바이트를 시작하셨다고 한다 _ 양친 있음 으로 해야하는데 양친 없음으로 실수로 표기한거 같은 느낌이나서요 _ 부모와 양친의 차이?
양부 : 아침식사 양부터 줄이라는 연구결과가 나왔어요 _ 양부와 이혼을 했는데도 여전히 제 가족관계증명서에 양부로 이름이 올라와 있습니다 _ 양부가 사망한 후 가족관계등록부에 양모와의 관계가 누락되어 있는데 어떻게해야 기재가 될 수 있나요?
양모 : 양모인형 만들때 안에 딸랑이를 넣는 방법이 소개되어 있어요 _ 머리카락을 굵어지게 하는 효과적인 양모샴푸가 없을까요? _ 양모이불털이 너무 빠져요
양자 : 인색하기 인색해지지 말기 딱 두가지 양자택일인데 _ 양자로 들어가려면 친아버지의 동의를 받아야 한다는데 _ 전자나 양자끼리 서로 밀어내거나 끌어당기는 힘을 의미하죠 이 전자기력 사이에는 빛이 매개입지가 됩니다
증인 : 청문회에세울 증인 부분에 있어서는여전히 큰 이견차를 보이고 있어 _ 증인 서명란이 없네요. 원래 없는건가요? _ 증인 출석 거부
동의자 : 동의가 없더라도 동의자 수에 포함되는지 여부 _ 동의 자격이 없고 _ 동의자와 거부자
후견인 : 후견인 카드를 준다 _ 동생의 후견인을 저로 바꾸고 싶은데 방법이 있는 건가요? _ 후견인 해임에 관하여
신고인 : 신고인의 서류보관 _ 신고인이 신고취소시 피고인 _ 임금 허위신고인거 같아요
법정대리인 : 어린이 통장 만들 때 법정대리인 동의 없이 만든 통장 _ 제 배우자를 법정대리인으로 등록 할수 있는지 알고 싶습니다 _ 법정대리인 친권자의 대리행위 남용
제출인 : 제출인(꼭 당사자가 아니어도 됨) _ 내일까지 제출인 정말 급한 영작이에요 _ 목요일이 제출인 줄 알았던 레포트가
주민등록신고서 : 주민등록증 분실 신고서 서식 작성에 관하여 질문 드립니다 _ 출생자의 주민등록지 관할 동주민센터 또는 읍, 면사무소에서 가서 출생신고서를 가지고 신고하시면됩니다 _ 제가 아직 주민등록증이 안나왔는데 출생신고서와 같은 공공기관에가서 작성하는 것들을
아래의 : 아래의 그림에서 버튼을 누르면 _ 나무그늘 아래의 시간은 더디 흐르다 _ 인터넷을 하다가 갑자기 아래의 창이 떴습니다
유의사항을 : 휴대폰 결제 시 유의사항을 알려주세요 _ 섭취시 유의사항을 깨닫다 _ 가공식품을 조리 할때 유의사항을 알려주세요
읽고 : 요즘 읽고 있는 책들 _ 저도 책읽고 시쓰라고 해서 책읽고 시쓴경험이 있거든요 _ 책한권읽고A4용지10장독후감
기재하시기 : 임신기간을 기재하시기 바랍니다 _ 말소비용에 관하여 누가 부담한다는 내용을 기재하시기 바랍니다 _ 신청취지를 명확히 기재하시기 바랍니다
바랍니다 : 괜찮은 보험사 추천 바랍니다 _ 충만하시길 바랍니다 _ 소액대출 추천 바랍니다
세대주 : 무주택 세대주를 알아? _ 직원이 세대주 신분증하고 싸인을 받아 오랍니다 _ 세대주변경
신고인 : 신고인의 서류보관 _ 신고인은 신고인일뿐이고 아직 아무런 관계가 없는사람이기 때문인가요? _ 진료비 거짓·부당청구 신고인에 포상금 지급
세대주와의 : 세대주와의 관계란을 클릭하셔서 자신에게 맞는걸 선택해줍니다 _ 세대주와의 관계는 누이인가요? _ 세대주와의 관계라는 항목에 본인이라고 나오던데
관계 : 부부관계시 여성이 흥분을 하게 되면 질 표면에 스며 나오는 액체인 애액이 질내부를 촉촉히 해야 _ 관계대명사하고 관계부사가 이끄는 절에서는요 _ 경매 관계자 외엔 일체 출입이 금지돼 일반인과 언론인 등은 출입할 수 없다
위임장 : 미국에 살고 있으면서 한국에 위임장을 보낼경우가 있어요 _ 아버지위임장 들고 대리인으로 가려하는데 엄마를 꼭모시고 가야하나요? _ 위임장양식 무료 다운
주민등록신고를 : 주민등록증 분실신고는 동사무소에 가서 해야되는 건가? 그럼 휴가를써야하나? 별별 생각을 다하고 집에 돌아와서 찾아보닝 온라인으로 분실신고를 할 수 있다는 _ 주민등록신고를 본인이 가서 할수 있는 연령은요? _ 주민등록신고를 제때에 하지 않은 경우 불이익을 받을수 있다
위 : 구름 위 희귀번개 스프라이트 사진과 동영상 _ 다름아니라 스트레스 받거나 화가나면 위가 엄청 아퍼요 위꼬이는것처럼아퍼요 _ 초가을, 길위의 정원
신고인에게 : 신고인에게 매각을 허가합니다 _ 신고인에게 신고 포상금이 지급되는 것입니다 _ 신고인에게 연락도 없이 문자로 통보만 날리고
위임합니다 : 다른 기러기에게 그 운전대를 위임합니다 _ 이혼수속에 관한 권한 일체를 위임합니다 _ 을은 또다시 병에게 그 권한을 모두 위임합니다
위임한 : 전세계약을 부동산에 위임한 아파트를 계약할 시 반드시 확인해야 하는 사항 _ 관리자로 위임한 구성원이 위임을 수락하지 않으면 어떻게 되나요? _ 임대인의 주택관리업체에 위임한 내용이 있을 겁니다 
사람 : 사람이 오래 머무르게 하는 음악은? _ 다가가기 어려운 사람의 유형 _ 이사람 저 사랑하는 걸까요?
주민등록증 : 위조한 주민등록증을 달라고 했는데 돌려주지 않아 화가 나 바닥에 침을 뱉고 _ 주민등록증 위조가 의심스럽다면 _ 주민등록증재발급받을때 자기동네동사무소에서만되나요
재발급 : 재발급 철회 _ 도서관 카드를 분실해서 재발급 하느라 _ 장기기증 등록증 재발급
신청서 : 배송신청서 _ 현장체험학습 신청서는 몇가지와 무엇을 쓰는 것인가요? _ 체험학습신청서쓰는방법
신청인 : 신청인과 사건본인이 다른 사건들도 있지만 개명의 경우 항상 일치한다 _ 신청인원수가 많아서 _ 신청인의 조건
혈액형 : 혈액형별 궁합 보는법 _ 갑자기 혈액형검사가 하고싶어서요 _ 혈액형별 자식들 나올수있는혈액형좀여
주소 : 한글주소 영어로 바꾸는 방법 _ 전화번호를 가지고 주소를 찾는 방법이 _ 구주소알려주세요
재발급 : 재발급 받으려는데 주말은 문을 열지않아서요 _ 봉사활동 확인서 재발급 _ 성형했는데 여권을 재발급 받아야할까요?
사유 : 성격차이이혼 사유 되나? _ 회사에서는 사유가 안된다고 하네요 정말로 사유가 안되나요? _ 사유의 의미를 매우 넓게 규정한다. 사유란 의심하고, 이해하며, 긍정하고, 부정하며, 의욕하고, 의욕하지 않으며, 상상하고, 감각하는 것이다
분실 : 몽골에서 여권을 분실 했을 경우 _ 분실폰 판매 _ 아는형이 분실폰을 주고선 저한테 팔아달라고하였습니다
훼손 : 훼손동전 교환 _ 명예훼손에 대해서 질문합니다 _ 잔디보호 푯말 훼손 안타깝습니다
성명변경 : 이름이 바뀌면 주민등록증 같은 경우도 재발급을 받아야하고요 그래서 주소, 성명변경신고서 샘플을 공유해드립니다 _ 영문성명을 변경하고 싶습니다 _ 대표자의 성명이 변경되었을 경우
주민등록번호 : 우리나라 주민등록번호 체계가 세계적으로 찾기 드문 일이라죠 _ 주민등록번호와 이름을 유출되었습니다 _ 주민등록번호 도용여부 확인
변경 : 오랜만에 방구조 변경 했어요 _ 토지 용도 변경에 대한 질문 _ 땅의 지목을 변경하여 
주소변경란 : 뒷면 ‘주소변경란’에 그림과 같이 붙이면 됩니다 _ 주민등록증 주소변경란에 빈공간이 없습니다 _ 신분증을 제시하면 뒷면의 주소변경란에 부착할 수 있는
부족 : 간호사는 부족하지 않습니다 _ 집중력이 부족해서 물 부족이란걸 알고 물을 많이 마시니까 두통 부분은 많이 해결되었지만 _ 아직도 집중력이 부족하네요 예전보다
영주귀국 : 영주귀국한지도 어언 20년이 다 되어가고 있다. 10년이면 강산이 변한다하는데 _ 우리나라로 영주귀국하면 그 연금을 이제 받을수가 없는건가요? _ 집행유예 기간 중 영주귀국
용모변경 : 정말 용모변경이라는 게 있나요? _ 용모사진 파일 크기 변경 좀 부탁드릴게요 _ 용모변경VS별도캐릭터
미수령으로 : 고지서 미수령으로 인한 민원발생을 최소화하고자 _ 보험약관 미수령으로 인한 _ 그냥 미수령으로 취소하려고하는데
회수 : 더러운 모래를 회수 _ 월급에서 회수한다는 것을 알게됐습니다 _ 쿠폰 회수하고 보상할 것
파기 : 한쪽에지하수를 파기로 긴급결정 _ 집주인이 계약파기 _ 전세계약 파기
출생신고서 : 출생신고서도 여분까지 몇장 챙기구요 _ 출생신고서도 지금이랑 양식이 똑같이 태어난 시각도 기재되있게끔 되있었나요? _ 출생신고서는 성별 안 써도 된다
출생장소 : 출생의비밀 촬영장소는 _ 출생장소를 정정하기 위해 태어난 병원의 증명서를 받아야 하는데 건물은 그대로 인데 병원장은 바뀌었고, 병원의 이름도 바뀌었습니다 _ 출생장소가없으면출생신고가안된나요?
자택 : 자택에서 숨진채 발견돼 _ 자택알바로 괜찮은게 뭐있죠? 결혼은 해야겠는데 _ 자택 계단에서 자전거 훔쳐 갔습니다
병원 : 남성전문병원 남성분들의 경우 한번씩은 비뇨기과를 찾아 정기검진을 _ 모발이식전문병원 알아보고 있습니다 _ 눈성형잘하는병원
기타 : 참 이상하게 해바라기랑 맨드라미 기타등등 꽃들은 어디로 갔을까? _ 제가 왼손잡이인데 기타를 칠려는데 남잔데 손이 좀 작은 _ 기타 운지법 
다태아 : 다태아 태아보험 가입에 대해서 궁금해 하시는 분들이 있습니다 _ 다태아 출산휴가 90→120일 확대 _ 출생신고 자료를 이용한 다태아 출산에 관한 연구
여부 : 대출가능여부 _ 전방십자인대 재파열 여부 질문 _ 가입된 보험가입여부확인 방법
및 : 이혼시 재산분할 및 양육권 문제 _ 가정법 및 문법에 대한 질문 _ 상반기 휴대전화 및 이메일 스팸 유통현황 공개
출생순위 : 출생순위에 따른 일반적인 특징 _ 출생순위 따라 육아법도 달라져야 _ 가족내에서의 출생순위가 상당히 중요하며
단태아 : 인공수정으로 단태아입니다 _ 다태아 임신과 단태아 임신의 구별기준이 무엇인가요? _ 시험관 단태아 태아보험 문의드려요
쌍둥이 : 한 쌍둥이는 어머니와 횡단보도를 건너다가 떨어진 지갑을발견했다고 합니다 _ 쌍둥이랑 말 못하는 사람이 있던데 _ 쌍둥이 엄마들은 다 모여요
세쌍둥이 : 세쌍둥이 키우는 느낌나죠? _ 세쌍둥이 예쁜 이름좀 지어주세요 _ 글쓰기 교재 세쌍둥이 완간
의료기기 : 제가 의료기기만드는직업을 갖고싶습니다 _ 비싼 의료기기가 있는 치과이다보니 어떻게 청소를 해야 _ 한의사의 현대의료기기 사용 왜 잘못인가?
수리업 : 문화재수리업의 휴업에 대해 질문드립니다 _ 신속한 보청기수리를 위해 의료기기 수리업신고를 하였습니다 _ 컴퓨터 방문 수리업
신고사항 : 다른 신고사항이 또 있는지 궁금합니다 _ 외국인 노동자 고용시 신고사항에 대해 자세히 설명드리겠습니다 _ 부가가치세 신고 시 유의사항
변경신고서 : 주소변경신고서를 작성해야하는데 _ 현장대리인 변경신고서 _ 친권자변경신고서 신청시 같이 제출해야 하는 서류는 다음과 같습니다
신고인 : 신고를 수리하는 경우 신고인이 직접 _ 신고인은 신고인일뿐이고 아직 아무런 관계가 없는사람이기 때문인가요? _ 장기요양기관 허위·부당 청구 신고인에게
영업소명 : '보험영업에 대한 소명의식'이라고 생각한다 _ 영업소명 제품명 목표 실적 달성율 _ 영업정지 처분을 면할 수도 있어요.하지만 인정되는 소명자료를 제출하지 못한다면?
내용변경 : 무료 위탁수화물 규정 변경 내용 _ 변경 내용 기록 중지 _ 업그레이드 내용 중 세세한 변경내용을 알아봅니다
신고한 : 허가와 신고한 사항이 변경되는 _ 신고를 한 자가 신고한 사항을 변경하려면 _ 비산먼지 발생사업장에서 신고한 사항을, 변경하려는 경우에는 변경한 변경신고서사항을 변경전에 제출하여야 합니다
사항 : 사항이 변경되는 _ 포장이사 가격대비좋은곳 (파손 배상 및 계약 주의사항) _ 군인 남자친구에게 영상편지 주의사항있나요?
신고사항 : 평생교육시설 신고사항 _ 신고사항인지 허가사항인지 _ 폐수처리설비 변경신고사항관련
변경 : 변경신고서 _ 용도변경을 하려고 합니다 _ 도메인이 혼합 모드로 있는 동안 그룹 종류를 변경할 수 없습니다
사유 : 혼전성교가 이혼사유가 되는가? _ 거절 사유가 무엇인지 골똘히 생각해봐도 아무 문제거리가 _ 성형수술 사실을 숨기고 결혼을 했을 때 이혼사유가 될수있는걸로 아는데
의료기기 : 의료기기 수입 절차를 알고 싶습니다 _ 의료기기 제조업체 리베이트 의사 줄줄이 기소 _ 의료기기, 광고와 달리 성능 떨어져
수리업 : 한국컴퓨터기기유지수리업협동조합 채용 _ 보청기수리업 자율점검심사 _ 컴퓨터수리업만으로 현재와 같은 불경기를 극복하기는 어렵습니다
변경신고를 : 연락처가 바뀌면 변경신고를 해야 하나요? _ 폐수처리시설설치 변경신고를 해야하는지요? _ 폐기물 변경신고를 누락하면
합니다 : 코골이치료 잘하는곳 소개합니다 _ 정비자격증 팔려합니다 _ 2주전 쯤부터 설사를 합니다
신고인 : 신고인의 서류보관 _ 신고인을 상대로 피해보상이나 손해보상을 청구할수 있는지요 _ 수출입 신고인 고유번호 조회 어디서 하나요?
의료기기 : 의료기기 수입수출 _ 체내에서 녹는 의료기기 개발 _ 장애등급으로 의료기기 싸게 사는법
수리업 : 문화재수리업의 휴업에 대해 질문드립니다 _ 보청기수리업 자율점검심사 _ 컴퓨터 수리업 창업에 필요한 소프트웨어 목록
신고서 : 휴대품 별송품 신고서 쓸 때 _ 입국신고서 _ 근로내용확인신고서 미제출
신고인 : 수출입 신고인 고유번호 조회 어디서 하나요? _ 다른 매수신고인이 없는 경우 _ 신고인이 명의도용
성명 : 이름 개명하기 위해 첨부자료로 활용하려하는데 성명 _ 성명조회 서비스 활용 방법에 대해 알아볼 텐데요 _ 조상땅 찾기 성명조회 서비스 이용하기
영업소 : 오늘배송조회해보니 도착영업소라는데 오늘안에 받을수있을까요? _ 자동차 영업소를 방문했습니다 _ 영업소에서 해야하는것과 하지말아야하는 것에 대해서 한번 이야기 해볼건데요
영업소명 : 영업소명 매출액 _ 영업소명 제98조 (불건전 영업행위의 금지) _ 영업소명을 클릭하시면 연락처를 보실 수 있습니다
수리대상 : 보증수리 대상에서 제외입니다만 _ 저소득층 대상 집수리사업 시행 _ 액정 같은 부분은 소비자 과실이라고 해서 유상 수리 대상이므로 무상으로 잘 안해줍니다
의료기기의 : 의료면허없는자의의료기기채권양도 _ 의료기기의 광고 시 주의사항 _ 의료기기의 재생방식
유형 : 유형문화재 _ 톰과제리에서 톰이 당하는 유형 _ 행동유형 분석
다른 : 다른건 틀린게 아니에요 _ 다른교정과 비교해본 앞니교정 장점 _ 같은옷 다른느낌
겸업 : 스크린골프장과 겸업할 수 있는 일 _ 한 도장에서 두 가지 이상의 무술의 겸업이 어려울까? _ 프리랜서겸업 한국어교사
여부 : 대출가능여부알고싶어요 _ 변기 타입별 비데장착가능여부 확인하기 _ 근시나 난시 등이 있는지의 여부를 알아보기
비고 : 덧붙일 상항들을 적는 것을 비고라 합니다 _ 비고 씨랑 친해요? _ 베개비고 자는
의료기기 : 의료기기 파는곳 궁금한 위치 _ 치과 의료기기 주변 청소 _ 체내에서 녹는 의료기기
수리업 : 이동식 자전거 수리업을 하려는데요 _ 미니굴삭기 수리업을 하고 있기에 엔진,펌프,실린더,트랙 등등 전체적으로 새심하게 손봐드리고 판매후 발생할수도 있는 잔고장들 빠르게 확실하게 A/S 해드립니다 _ 컴퓨터 수리업을 배우고싶습니다
신고합니다 : 불법사업장 신고합니다 _ 출간을 신고합니다 _ 배경화면어플을 신고합니다
담당자 : 담당자 연락처를 뭐라고 하나요? _ 인사담당자 평가항목 _ 채용 인사담당자
성명 : 성명 감정서 부탁해요 _ 성명표시권 침해 _ 개명잘하는 전국 성명학자
의료기기 : 의료기기 수입실적 _ 다양한 의료기기들을 구경할 수 있었어요 _ 의료기기 수입 절차를 알고 싶습니다
판매 : 운동기구 판매방법 _ 중고차판매후기 _ 사업자등록이 방문판매로등록이되있는데 길거리에서팔아되는건가요?
임대 : 임대아파트가압류 _ 무엇보다도 임대료가 _ 임대기간중 집주인변경
업 : 미용학원 업스타일 수강료 문의 _ 세미업스타일 반묶음머리 _ 힙업운동하려고하는데요 많이쳐저있어요 업이될려면몇일정도걸릴까요
신고서 : 이혼신고서에 증인 서명란이 없어졌나요? _ 혼인 신고서 하나 더 만드는 게 어떠냐아? _ 입국신고서 폐지됐다고 하는데
신고인 : 임금 허위신고인거 같아요 _ 국외부재자 신고인 _ 신고인 귀책사유일 때는 신고인 오류점수가 쌓이고
영업소 : 택배 영업소 위치 _ 소속이 영업소인지 대리점인지를 먼저 알아야 합니다 _ 수취지역영업소라는데 오늘안에 받을수있나요? 
신고의 : 가출신고의 대상이 되지 않고 _ 종합소득세 신고의 달이 됐구나 _ 근로계약서를 작성하지 않은 사실은 물론 신고의 대상이 됩니다
구분 : 여러가지로 구분하던데요 이렇게 구분하는 기준은 어떤 것인가요? _ 영혼구원과 시대구분 _ 이/히 구분하기
판매업 : 핸드폰 판매업을 시작했어요 사람을 상대로 대화하는 직업은 처음인데요 _ 동물판매업 등록 _ 현재 방문판매업 사무직으로 일하고 있는데요
임대업 : 오피스텔 임대업 관련 _ 내 돈 한푼 안드는 ‘공짜집’ 임대업 성행 _ 제조업을 임대업으로 전환시 폐업에 해당됩니까? 
의료기기 : 전동식 안마의자 가 의료기기에 포함이 되나요? _ 타사에서 허가 완료된 의료기기 동일제품 _ 물리치료사가 피부미용사 취득후, 피부관리샵차려서 피부관련의료기기 사용하면 합법적인가요?
판매 : 할인해서 판매했습니다 _ 저는 중고스마트폰판매를 잘몰랐는데 친구랑 동료랑 다들 판매를 하길래 저도 한번 해보려고요 근데 _ 운동기구 판매방법
임대 : 무한잉크 프린터 임대 할만한곳있나요? _ 지인이 형편이 어려워 건물을 무상으로 임대해주려합니다 _ 영구임대
업을 : 배송업을 운영하는데 직원이 음주운전으로 _ 물구나무서서 푸쉬업을 하고싶은데요 _ 가끔 업을쌓는다거나 업을 쌓지 않아 뭐 어쩌구 저쩌고 하던데 정확히 업이란 무엇이며 그것을 쌓으므로 인해 무엇이 달라지는지요
분 : 대출상담좀 신고합니다 _ 직원의 불친절을 신고합니다 _ 쓸데없는글 신고합니다
신고인 : 신고인이 직접 방문할 필요는 없습니다 _ 신고는 신고인이 방문하여 하여야 한다 _ 기입된 신고인과 제출인이 같아야 하나요?
신고인 : 신고인의 장점 _ 신고인의 경매 물건 보호 조치 _ 신고인 귀책사유일 때는
제출서류 : 운전병 제출서류 _ 제출서류 및 특전 _ 제출서류는 한번 제출한걸로 끝이라는데 그럼 다시 제출 안해도 되나요?
없습니다 : 웹페이지를 표시할 수 없습니다 _ 배움은 끝이 없습니다 _ 조회된 데이터가 없습니다
의료기기 : 동남아에 국산 의료기기 AS 지원 _ 의료기기박람회가 _ 의료기기 영업사원에 대해 궁금합니다
판매 : 스포츠용품 제조, 판매 _ 의료기기의 판매나 임대를 업으로 하고자 하는 자는 _ 현재 건물을 판매하고 빌라건물을 구입하여 임대업을 하는쪽을 생각중이십니다
임대 : 부동산 임대업 영위업체 _ 전지역 임대 _ 임대주택 고객센터 
업 : 신상 라인업 총정리 _ 서핑 업 _ 웨이크업라이트
신고사항 : 소독업 신고 및 소독업허가신고사항 _ 경비업 신고사항, 등기일이 아닌 발생일 기준 _ 나무수저 수입시 신고 사항
변경신고서 : 무료 변경신고서 _ 현장대리인 변경 신고서 _ 주소변경신고서를 작성해야하는데 법원사이트에들어가서 양식을다운받으려니 아무리찾아봐도 없어서요
신고인 : 신고인이 직접 방문할 필요는 없습니다 _ 진료비 허위·부당청구신고인에게 포상금 지급 _ 신고접수자[신고인]은 보호되지 못한다고 하는데
영업소 : 영업소를 계획중인데요 _ 영업소 사무보조 채용 _ 영업소폐쇄조치
영업의 : 영업의 키포인트는 자신감입니다 _ 영업의 정의 그리고 영업의 본질적 견해 _ 아직 스마트폰을 이용하여 영업의 질을 높힐수 있는 방법이 보급되지 않고 있습니다
구분 : 이와 히를 어떻게 구분할 수 있을까요? _ 이어폰보다 더 어려운 헤드폰 구분 _ 색깔별로 구분해서 스티커를 붙여 주고
판매업 : 통신판매업 신고증을 찾아보니 찾을 수가없더라고요 어디있는지 _ 지하상가에서 헨드폰 판매업에 관심있으신분 _ 다단계와 방문판매업, 동시에 가능한지
임대업 : 제조업을 임대업으로 전환할때 폐업 해당여부 _ 정수기 임대업 _ 원룸 임대업에 관하여
변경내용 : 변경내용 기록 중지 _ 수술비 변경내용 알아보기 _ 무료 위탁수화물 규정 변경 내용
항목 : 건강검진 항목인데요 설명 부탁드려요 _ 중복된항목제거 기능 _ 자기소개서항목
신고한 : 출생신고한 것으로 보입니다 _ 간첩 의심자 신고한 여중생에 표창 수여 _ 허위로 강도 피해 신고한
사항 : 상대의 인적사항을 잘 몰라요 _ 코필러 주의사항 _ 이사 전에 체크해야될 사항
변경신고사항 : 외국인등록사항 변경신고에 해당하며 _ 용도변경신고 및 허가사항의 분류 _ 상호변경에 따른 가입에 따른 신고사항 문의
사유 : 이게 정당사유인지 부정당사유인지 문의드립니다 _ 이혼소송 "기타중대한 이혼사유란?" _ 생계유지 곤란사유
의료기기의 : 인터넷 쇼핑몰에서의 의료기기 판매 _ 의료기기 광고 시 주의사항 _ 과대광고해온 의료기기
임대 : 실내 창고를 오픈 하고 본격적인 임대업을 시행코저합니다 _ 국민임대아파트장기전세공공분양 카페 _ 사무실임대
판매 : 판매후기 _ 창업을 준비하는 '예비 사장님'들의 고민이다 사무공간을 판매하는 사업도 진행한다. 임대료는 없고 _ 판매임대관리 프로그램을 살펴 보았습니다
업을 : 가개업을 했습니다 _ '여자 업을때'에 대한 베스트 질문답변입니다 _ 점점 렌탈하는 품목이 늘고 그 업을 하는 사람들이 증가하고 있는것 같습니다. 귀사의 렌탈 프로그과
변경신고 : 체류지변경신고 _ 양육권소송 친권자지정 및 변경신고 _ 경미한 변경신고 수수료 인하
합니다 : 식사후 계속 설사를 합니다 _ 코골이치료 잘하는곳 소개합니다 _ 이삿짐센터 추천합니다
신고인 : 신고인이 신고취소시 피고인이 경찰서 갈필요없죠 _ 매수신고인 -맨날 신고만 하면 _ 신고인의 신분증 및 도장이있어야 하며 미성년자 자녀가 있을 경우 친권자지정 신고는 반드시 해야 합니다
귀하 : 띄어쓰기 맞춤법 (귀 하의, 귀하의) _ 귀하를 국민참여 재판의 배심원으로 초대합니다 _ 귀하의 귀는 귀합니다 보청기 구입은 어떻게 해야하는지
의료기기영업의 : 우선 의료기기가 병원을 대상으로 한 방문 영업으로 판매가 되기 때문에 회사가 위치하고 있는 곳의 일정 범위를 넘어서 위치한 병원에는 방문 _ 의료기기 사이트및 영업 홍보 진행 방법입니다 사람을 만날때 가장 먼저 보게 되는것이 그사람의 비쥬얼입니다 _ 영업비밀 선정의 예시, 의료기기의 개발 및 판매를
휴업 : 휴업과 폐업의 차이점 _ 휴업과 폐업의 장단점은 뭔가요? _ 운송사업의 휴업 또는 폐업 신고 의무
폐업 : 휴업과 폐업의 차이점 _ 휴업과 폐업의 장단점은 뭔가요? _ 운송사업의 휴업 또는 폐업 신고 의무
등 : 등축제 _ 소라게 등껍질 _ 지열 등 열에너지 자원이 될 전망이다
신고서 : 혼인신고서에 재혼여부 기재에 대하여 _ 해외 이주 신고서 분실한 경우에 _ 각 나라별 출입국신고서
신고인 : 진료비 거짓 부당청구 신고인에게 포상금 지급 _ 수출입 신고인 고유번호 조회 어디서 하나요? _ 각 나라별 출입국신고서
영업소 : 영업소 배송지연문의요 _ 도착영업소에 멈춰서 올 생각을 안합니다 _ 일부 자동차 영업소 번호판 불법 중개
영업의 : 영업관리직에서 요구되는 부분은 영업의 활성화를 위하여 _ 영업의 활성화 _ 영업의 정의 그리고 영업의 본질적 견해
구분 : 이/히 구분하기 _ 용언의 명사형, 파생명사 구분 할 때 _ speak, talk, tell, say 의 구분
제조업 : 도소매업 사업자가 제조업을 추가하려면 _ 도소매업 사업자가 제조업을 추가하려면 _ 시계 제조업    
수입업 : 최소비용으로 수입업을 하고싶어요 _ 최소비용으로 수입업을 하고싶어요 _ 수입업협회를 활용해야
수리업 : 시계수리업 _ 작은 시계점에서 시계 수리를 배우기 시작한 이래 40년간 시계수리업에 종사해왔다 _ 보청기수리업 자율점검심사 
판매업 : 어느 판매업자의 고백 _ 외국인전용 관광기념품 판매업 등록 관련 _ 동물판매업 등록
임대업 : 원룸 임대업 어떻게 생각하시는지 _ 요즘 카약 임대업이 뜨고 있는 유망 레포츠 사업이라고 _ 내 돈 한푼 안드는 ‘공짜집’ 임대업
신고의 : 장난신고의 피해자는 _ 혼인신고서의 증인은 형식적 요건입니다 _ 일방적인 혼인신고의 취소
구분 : '구분' 선택란을 통해 다양한 형태의 거래를 하나의 창에서 모두 입력할 수 있습니다 _ 산삼 구입할때 나이구분 어떻게 하는지 _ 용언의 명사형 파생명사 구분
휴업 : 그런데 휴업급여를 줄수 없다고 합니다 _ 휴업급여에 관해서는 전혀 청구한 내용이 안보입니다 _ 휴업급여
폐업 : 거래처가 폐업했을때 미수금은 못받는건가요? _ 거래처가 폐업했을때 미수금은 못받는건가요? _ 식당폐업 잘하는곳
재개 : 광고 일시중지 또는 재개 _ 우편 사무 재개 _ 영업을 재개한다는
휴업사유 : 회사사유로 휴업시 _ 휴업수당 지급사유 해당 여부 _ 개인적인 사유로 휴업한 경우
영업의 : 영업의 질을 높힐수 있는 방법이 보급되지 않고 있습니다 _ 영업의 키포인트는 자신감입니다 _ 영업의 달인들
폐업 : 폐업 또는 휴업을 한 날까지의 사업현황을 그 과세기간 _ 폐업아닌 휴업중일때는 강제 폐업 이 되지않는다고 본것같아요 _ 폐업 또는 휴업을 할때 본인이 직접가서 해야 합니까?
휴업 : 폐업 또는 휴업을 한 날까지의 사업현황을 그 과세기간 _ 폐업아닌 휴업중일때는 강제 폐업 이 되지않는다고 본것같아요 _ 폐업 또는 휴업을 할때 본인이 직접가서 해야 합니까? _ 
등의 : 재물/결혼/직장 등의 운세를 알고 싶습니다 _ 무협지 배경등의 설정에 대한 궁금중 _ 피부미용과등의 이름으로
신고를 : 전 남편의 아이를 출생신고를 한 후 _ 신고를 기한안에 하지 못해서 _ 왜 경찰엔 신고를 안할까?
합니다 : 그런거같기도 합니다 _ 헬스 다닐려고합니다 _ 천연세제 나눔이벤트합니다
담당자 : 병원변경시 사고담당자에게 알려야하나요? _ 보험회사 담당자를 바꾸고 싶어요 _ 자기소개서 담당자와 작성자의 시각차 
재활보조기구 : 재활보조기구를 꼭 병원에서 지정한 업체에서 사라고하는데 _ 재활보조기구를 나누어주기 위해서 _ 맞춤형 재활보조기구
대여 : 보행기 대여 가격을 좀 질문하고자 합니다 _ 결혼한복대여 _ 무인대여시스템
수리 : 액정 수리 _ 컴퓨터수리 _ 사표를 아직 수리하지 않았다고 밝혔습니다
신청서 : 연장근무신청서 제출 여부 _ 기도신청서 양식 _ 출산휴가 급여신청서요
성별 : 부모의 동의가 없으면 성별정정이 불가능한가요? _ 자녀의 성별을 나중에 정하는 _ 성별을 알려주는 것은 법적으로 금지 되어 있다고 하던데
남 : 남이 찍어준사진보면 _ 남들의 생각은 자기 생각과 다르다 _ 남에게 피해를 주지 않는다면
여 : 여보세요가 들어가는노래 _ 저녁상을 차려봤어여 _ 여기서 순서만 바꾸시면
직업 : 직업상담사입니다 _ 직업상담사 자격증 취득하기 _ 환경에대한직업과 하는일좀요
주거형태 : 주거형태에 대해 알려주세요 _ 새로운 주거형태 제안을 위한 실험주택 _ 그리고 가장 작은 주거형태는 무엇인가요? 
재가 : 재가입하면 되나요? _ 전기는 공공재가 아니다 _ 엄마가 재가했을 경우
자가 : 자가지방 유명한곳 _ 스트레스 자가진단 테스트 _ 자가발전기의 뜻이 무엇인가요?
전세 : 전세대출을 받아 아파트로 가고 싶은데 방법이 있을까요? _ 신축 전세랍니다 _ 신혼부부 전세자금대출 문의
월세 : 세입자가 월세날짜를 안지킵니다 _ 월세에 관리비까지 포함해서 _ 월세 계약기간이 만료 되었습니다
시설입소 : 미혼모시설입소 _ 시설 입소과정에 있어서까지 자신의 의사를 존중받지 못하는 사람들을 위해 _ 장애인 거주시설 입소 절차 
기타 : 이 기타 이름이 뭔가요 _ 기타 운지동작 _ 여자친구한테 기타를 쳐줄려 하는데요
장애명 : 장애명이 잘못되서 바뀌고 싶은데 어디로 어떻게 가야 하나요 _ 장애명을 가진 사람들이 점점 늘고 있고 _ 장애명과,장애코드를 따로따로 분리해서, 출력을 해줄려고하는대요
중복장애명 : 저의 중복장애 장애명을 알고 싶은데 _ '중복장애명' 하나를 쓸 수 있는 공간(빨간 테두리 부분)만이 있다 _ 불완전 중복장애명
희망보조기구 : 참가를 희망하는 자는 보조기구센터 홈페이지 _ 보조기구는‘희망’ 이다 _ 보조기구가 주는 기쁨과 희망(내 몸에 맞게 사용하는 노하우
수리를 : 사표수리를 해주지 않겠다고 _ 노트북 수리를 받았습니다 _ 전원버튼고장에 대한 완벽하고 확실한 수리를 원하시는 분들은
요하는 : 혼전순결을 요하는 이유 _ 솔찍한 대답을 요하는 채용과정 _ 조기치료를 요하는 질병 안내
부위 : 성기부위 피부 문제 _ 여러부위를 한번에 _ 가슴확대술 절개 부위는
특별히 : 특별히 아픈곳은 없는데 _ 뭐 특별히 맛있는 음식 없을까요 _ 특별히 하는일이 없어 그냥 그리고 있네요
희망하는 : 희망하는 직업에 대한 글쓰기를 내주셨어요 _ 뭐 특별히 맛있는 음식 없을까요 _ 취업을 희망하는 여성분들은 이곳을 이용해보세요
사항 : 노동법상 채용시 주의사항 _ 이사 전에 체크해야될 사항 _ 보험 고지 사항
재활보조기구의 : 재활용한 유아들의 학습 보조 기구의 _ 재활보조기구의 처방과 검수에 명확한 기준이 되는 안내서가 _ 저희 엄마한테 맞는 좋은 보조기구를 맞추고싶은데요 근처에 가까운 재활의학과 병원이 있으면 그 쪽에서 문의 하시구요 근처에 없다면
대여 : 아기침대 대여 관련해서 _ 사진찍을 일이있어서 렌즈대여하려구요 _ 수영복을 대여할려고 하는대여
수리를 : 컴퓨터수리를 접수하지 않는다면 _ 에어컨 수리를 깨끗하게 해서 주는 것이 좋겠다는 생각에 _ 지금까지도 수리를 안해주고 있습니다 그이후로 화장실 불도 못 키고
위와 : 위와 대장 내시경 _ 위와 같은 장점들 _ 입술위와 입술의아래가
같이 : 공장알바같이하실분 _ 전부 같이 아끼는 습관을 들여봅시다 _ 친구랑 같이 자취하면
신청합니다 : 손글씨신청합니다 _ 몇군데 입양신청이 들어왔었다고 합니다 _ 재무상담 신청합니다
신고인 : 신고인 고유번호 조회 어디서 하나요? _ 신고인의 동의 여부 _ 신고인을상대로손해보상청구를할수있나요
방문판매업 : 방문판매업 집중 단속 _ 방문판매업자가 건강기능식품판매업 영업신고를 한 후, 그 대리점에 소속된 판매원이 건강기능식품을 판매할 경우 _ 방문판매업 하실때 투잡으로 한가지 제품만 취급 하시는 것 보다 여러가지 병행하시는 분이 많으시더라구요
전화권유판매업 : 전화권유판매업자의 변경신고서 _ 전화권유판매업을 하는 자가 신청하는 민원서류임 _ 통신판매업신고를 하시면 됩니다. 시작하시길 권유합니다. (초기 홈페이지 구축비용이 전혀 들지 않습니다) 보통 사무실에서 주문 받기 전화업무,상품 발송 이외에 무슨업무가 있나요?
변경신고서 : 평생교육시설 신고사항 변경신고서 _ 개인회생 송달장소변경신고서 _ 양육권자 변경신고서 양식 있으신분 부탁합니다
신고인 : 부재자신고인 _ 임금 허위신고인거 같아요 _ 신고인의 동의가 필요합니다
상호 : 상호작명유명한곳으로 알려진 _ 임금 허위신고인거 같아요 _ 신고인의 동의가 필요합니다
소재지 : 소재지 바뀌어도 _ 임금 허위신고인거 같아요 _ 현재 가지고 있는 재산의 소재지를 알고 싶은데
신고사항 : 경비업 신고사항, 등기일이 아닌 발생일 기준 _ 전입신고 사항은 등기부에 기재되는 사항이 아닙니다 _ 나무수저 수입시 신고 사항
변경 : 기기변경하실 수 있는 방법을 알려 드리려고 해요 _ 요금제를 변경하면 _ 집 명의변경과 담보대출문의
전 : 5천 년 전 보석,불가사이한 몇 가지 이유 _ 요금제를 변경하면 _ 집 명의변경과 담보대출문의
변경 : 권리변경 이해부족 _ 사업자병의변경 방법 _ 스마트폰 명의 변경에 대해서 궁금한게 있어서 이렇게 질문드립니다
후 : 출산후다이어트 방법 _ 이혼후 양육 문제 _ 치질 수술후 배변
변경 : 친권변경? _ 주소변경안내 _ 건물 용도변경 쉬워진다
사유 : 재판상의이혼사유 정해져있는 이유 _ 해고 사유가 되는지 문의 드립니다 _ 실업급여 수급 사유
신고인 : 신고인이 사망한 경우 _ 신고인은 신고인일뿐이고 아직 아무런 관계가 없는사람이기 때문인가요? _ 신고인이 직접 관할 증명청을 방문하여
공정거래위원회 : 공정거래위원회에 시정을 촉구하는 민원을 문서로 제출했습니다 _ 공정거래위원회의 무혐의처분 _ 공정거래위원회탄원서쓰기어디서쓰나요
수수료 : 은행 수수료 우습게 보지 마라 _ 알바비 수수료가 있나요? _ 조기상환수수료 문의드립니다
없음 : 컴퓨터모니터가신호없음이라고뜨네요 _ 증거불충분 혐의없음 결과받았습니다 _ 컴퓨터 본체 켜지는데 신호없음
방문판매업 : 방문판매업도 마찬가지입니다 _ 방문판매업을 준비하면서 관련된 표준약관 _ 방문판매업 신고하고 실제로는 다단계영업
전화권유판매업 : 최근 방문판매 및 전화권유판매업 관련 민원이 급증함에 따라 _ 적극적 접근성이 방문판매와 유사하므로 전화권유판매업의 신고 _ 농약 판매업 무등록자 통신, 전화권유 판매 금지 
휴업 : 개점휴업 _ 휴업급여에 관해서는 전혀 청구한 내용이 안보입니다 _ 대형마트 의무휴업 
폐업 : 식당폐업 잘하는곳 _ 거래처가 폐업했을때 미수금은 못받는건가요? _ 창업자 대출 후 폐업할 경우
영업재개 : 주방 영업재개 _ 영업재개는 언제쯤 이루어 질까요? _ 영업재개관련없이 불신으로 하루라도 빨리 찾고싶네요
신고서 : 출입국 신고서 _ 미성년 혼인신고서작성 방법 _ 이혼신고서서식 쓸 때 절차 자세히 알아두자
신고인 : 진료비 허위·부당청구신고인에게 포상금 지급 _ 신고인 고유번호 조회 어디서 하나요? _ 이혼신고서서식 쓸 때 절차 자세히 알아두자
상호 : 상호교류의 발판이 된 _ 프렌차이즈아니고 개인상호입니다 _ 상호를 변경하는 것에는 많은 아쉬움이 있습니다만, 외우기는 쉬울 수 있지만
소재지 : 소재지 바뀌어도 _ 프렌차이즈아니고 개인상호입니다 _ 시골 면 소재지 둘러보기
대표자의 : 법인대표자의 주소지 변경 _ 어린이집 대표자의 변경 _ 시골 면 소재지 둘러보기
성명 : 긴급성명 _ 편의점택배받는사람성명 _ 추궁하는 성명을 채택했다
신고 : 국제결혼 혼인신고 _ 혼인신고를 안하고 아기 출생신고 먼저 할 건데요 _ 추궁하는 성명을 채택했다
항목 : 내집마련 노하우 와 노후 준비 항목 _ 건강검진 항목인데요 설명 부탁드려요 _ 중복된 항목 제거라는 아이콘이 있는데, 클릭을 하시면 됩니다
기간 : 종아리퇴축술 유지기간 _ 주민등록증 발급기간 _ 치아미백 기간 효과적으로 단축하자
휴업 : 개점휴업 _ 휴업급여에 관해서는 전혀 청구한 내용이 안보입니다 _ 대형마트 의무휴업
사유 : 혼전성교가 이혼사유가 되는가? _ 계약직이 귀책사유없이 해고당하면 _ 감각에 반해 사유는 보편적인 것
위와 : 위와 아래 여백 없애는 방법 _ 하늘 위와 하늘 아래라는 뜻으로 _ 노인단독가구의 주행위와
같이 : 공장알바같이하실분 _ 같이 밥 먹을래 _ 같이 자자
를 : 코성형의 정보를 _ 전화를 받고 난 이후 _ 친구들은 연애를 하지
신고합니다 : 덧글은 모두 다 신고합니다 _ 질문에 도움이 되지 않으면 신고합니다 _ 두건으로 신고합니다
공정거래위원회 : 공정거래위원회 과징금부과 _ 공정거래위원회에서 하는 일, 경쟁촉진 _ 두건으로 신고합니다
귀하 : 귀하의 입을 통해서 _ 이름뒤에 귀하를 넣는 함수 _ 귀하의 권유를 받아들여
치과기공소 : 치과기공소 소장은 “환자에게 실질적인 도움을 주고 싶어 환자를 기공소로 보내달라고 치과원장들을 부지런히 설득했다 _ 치과기공소를 일반인이 가서도 틀을 제작할 수가 있나요? _ 치과기공소현금영수증발급
양도 : 헬스장 양도판매 합니다 _ 토지양도소득세계산 _ 부동산 양도소득세계산 방법
양수신고서 : 창고업의 양도 및 양수신고서 _ 도로점용 양수신고서를 _ 여객자동차 운송사업 양도 양수신고서
양도인 : 양도인이 양수인에게 점포 양도 후 양도인이 다른 지역에 같은 상호로 _ 매도인과 양도인의 차이 _ 양도인이 양수인에게 실제 소요되는 비용을
성명 : 조상땅 찾기 성명조회 서비스 이용하기 _ 성명 감정서 부탁해요 _ 성명궁합 -당신의 연애코치
양수인 : 소정의 '양수인'의 의미는 _ 자동차 이전시 양수인이 못가서 대리로 _ 양도인과 양수인의 동일인격체 여부
성명 : 대변인 성명에 강한 유감을 표시하면서 _ 성명인 전각파기, 내손으로 만든 하나뿐인 도장 _ 출장 요리사성명 정보 양복점성명 정보보모성명 성직자성명 정보자동차 정비업소성명 정보전기 기사성명 정보냉난방설비업소성명 정보배관공성명
귀하 : 귀하의 입을 통해서 _ '귀하'쓰는 법에 대하여 _ 귀하의 비전을 정의하고 전달하십시오
수수료 : 중개수수료는 계약때 지불하나요 _ ATM기계 수수료 _ 수수료 면제
신청인 : 신청인 측에서 해야할 사항이 무었인지요? _ 각종 신청인 확인서 양식 _ 신청인 진술
틀니지원 : 틀니를 지원받기 위해서는 시술 완료 후 _ 틀니 지원 시기가 어덯게 되나요 _ 틀니지원이 된다고 들었습니다. 누가 신청할 수 있으며
신청서 : 운전면허증 재발급 신청서 _ 틀니 지원 시기가 어덯게 되나요 _ 개명허가신청서
및 : 돌잔치 문자사기 해결 및 예방 피해구제 신청방법 _ 출산휴가 및 육아휴직을 할려고 하는데 _ 싱크대의 구형 수전 및 욕실 수전에서 물이 샙니다
동의서 : 상대방의 동의서를 첨부하여 신청하여야 합니다 _ 부모님 동의서 _ 법정대리인 요건 및 법정대리인 동의서 양식
신청인 : 신청인의 채무내역 조회방법 _ 모집인원수보다 신청인원수가 더 많은데 _ 파산신청서는 신청인의 인적사항을 기재하며
연락처 : 삭제한 전화번호 복구 고장 연락처 복원 _ 채팅사이트에서 연락처를 줬는데 _ 고장난스마트폰에서 연락처옮기기 
첨부자료 : 자기소개서 첨부자료 만들기 _ 클릭안되는 첨부자료 _ 개명사유와 첨부자료
치과병원의 : 일반치과와 치과병원의 차이 _ 전국의 치과병원의 수는 _ 치과병원의 소음특성과 적절한 대화거리
틀니장착관련 : 부분틀니 관련 치료(부분틀니 장착 및 유지관리 포함) _ 제 아들 주걱턱과 관련 질문입니다. 턱의 관계가 정상에 가까우면 치열만 간단한 틀니같은 장치 등으로 개선이... 이것을 장착할 정도로 _ 틀니를 필요로하거나 이미 장착한 상태다 구강보건사업과 관련한 올해 복지부예산은
소견서 : 작명가의 개명소견서 _ 소견서 쓰는이유가 뭔가요 _ 소견서에보면 병원을다닌날짜가 마지막 한주밖에 안나와 있잖아요
위와 : 무대 위와 무대 아래 _ 위와 아랫배가 따끔거리는 _ 산 위와 산 아래에서
같이 : 성함을 같이 올리는게 좋은 것 같습니다 _ 내 이웃을 내 몸과 같이 사랑하라 _ 초등임용고시 같이 공부해요
무료틀니지원을 : 무료 틀니 지원 받으셔서 음식 맛을 제대로 느끼세요 _ 무료 틀니 시술사업, 청각장애 어르신 지원사업을 _ 무료 틀니 지원을 하는 단체들이 있긴 한데 주로 장애인 위주로 혜택을 드리기에 해당이 되시는지 알 수가 없죠
신청합니다 : 재판을 신청합니다 _ 손글씨신청합니다 _ 입양신청합니다
틀니지원에 : 틀니지원에 난색을 보여왔다 _ 일단 완전틀니만 지원 대상이고, 부분틀니에 대해서도 단계적으로 보험 적용이 확대됩니다 _ 틀니지원에 수혜주라고 합니다
따른 : 공무원시험과목 변경에 따른 유의사항 _ 물의 농도에 따른 얼음이 녹는 속도 비교 실험 _ 용도에 따른 핸드백 종류
동의서 : 어린이집 여름방학 동의서 모음 _ 무료 동의서 _ 경매취하동의서 
틀니장착이 : 가셔서 틀니 조정을 받으셔야 합니다. 음식의 경우, 처음엔 부드럽고 잘 부숴지는 음식 위주로 드셔야 하고 장착이 잘 된 후라도 질기고 딱딱한 음식은 _ 현재틀니는 장착이 안될것으로 _ 잇몸보다 높아지기때문에 틀니가 장착이되질않아
완료될 : 오늘부로 배송이 완료될듯보여요 _ 지급이 완료될때까지 기다려 주시기 바랍니다 _ 소송이 완료될 때까지 3일간 구류를 명합니다
때 : 출출할때 영양간식 _ 머리카락을 말릴 때 _ 동업할 때 꼭 알아두어야 할 사항
까지 : 모공속까지 _ 실내 무선전화기 몇미터 까지 들리나요? _ 기침이심해서가슴까지아파요
진료에 : 병원의 과잉진료에 _ 선택진료에 _ 진료에 전념할 수 있는 적정수가 보상을
적극 : 치아미백이벤트, 적극 활용하자 _ 적극재산 _ 집에서하는알바 적극추천 무슨 사정이있든지간에 알바를 찾는 사람중 90%이상은 조금더 쉬운알바 조금더 돈을많이벌수있는알바를 원합니다
협조하겠습니다 : 다양하고 유익한 활동에 적극 협조하겠습니다 _ 자기소개서와 관련하여 내용 확인을 요청할 경우 협조하겠습니다 _ 제가 할 수 있는 한은 협조하겠습니다 하지만
신청인과의 : 신청인과의 관계'본인' _ 신청인과의 면담내용 _ 관련 신청인과의 이해상반행위에 관하여
관계 : 관계를 개선하기 위한 방법 _ 주격관계대명사 _ 가족관계도 거리유지가 중요하다
희귀 난치성 질환자 : 희귀, 난치성 질환자 가족여행 사업비 지원한 _ 사업장에서 희귀, 난치성 질환자를 고용해야 하는 상황인데 _ 내달 희귀, 난치성 질환자 급여기준 변경
호흡보조기 : 호흡보조기 장애인 승차 거부 _ 사업장에서 희귀ㆍ난치성 질환자를 고용해야 하는 상황인데 _ 호흡보조기 대여료 및 기침 유발기 대여료
처방전 : 처방전이 필요한 사후피임약 _ 병원에서 의사 진찰없이 처방전만 받아가는 경우 _ 처방전인쇄전문
수진자 : 반복되는 수진자 자격조회서비스 _ 수진자라는 말을 잘 몰라서 인터넷 검색하다가 _ 수진자 본인확인 그렇게 어렵나
성명 : 성명표시권 침해 _ 무료성명풀이 _ 개명전 성명풀이
질병 : 신생아 질병 보상기준 _ 노인이 왜 질병이 많이 생기나요 _ 국제질병분류
정보 : 족발창업 정보 _ 결혼정보회사 성혼률확실한곳 _ 학교현장 학생 개인정보 누출 심각
상병명 : 상병명들은 어떤 상태일때 적용하는지 궁금합니다 _ 상병명 해석 부탁드립니다 _ 치료별 상병명 정리
환자 : 여드름환자 _ 환자평가표 작성 원칙 중 _ 두드러기 한의원에서본 두드러기 환자의 특징
상태 : 손톱으로 보는 건강상태 _ 포경을 안한 상태에서 성관계 _ 소고기 상태
및 : 스마트폰 주소록 옮기기 및 백업 _ 손가락 절단산재처리 및 보상방법 _ 운전면허 갱신 및 재발급
진료소견 : 한 의사의 진료소견에 따르기 보다 두 진료 철학을 가진 의사의 의견을 종합하여 환자분께 유리한 수술방법을 고민하고 제공 하는데 힘쓰고 있으니 _ 진료의뢰서 소견내용에 고진선처란 뜻은 _ 영어 진료소견 내용입니다. 해석좀 부탁드려요
숨이 : 우리는 온통 숨이 끊어져서 삽니다 _ 어떤생각을 하면 숨이 잘 안쉬어집니다 _ 숨이멎게
참 : 참 고운 한복 소개 _ 어떤생각을 하면 숨이 잘 안쉬어집니다 _ 참좋은가게
피로감 : 얼굴의 피로감을 줄이는 올바른 호흡하는 법 _ 백화점에만 가면 피로감이 너무 심해요 _ 눈 피로감
두통 : 안면경련과 두통 _ 비염으로 인한 두통 _ 두통 관자놀이 통증 간단하게 치료 하는 법
호흡보조기 : 호흡보조기 대여료 _ 호흡보조기를 사용을 중지하고 환자로 부터 떼어 낸다는 말 _ 호흡보조기 때문에
처방 : 사후피임약 처방 없이 구입 _ 처방을 잘못해준 병원, 소송 고소 가능한가요? _ 의사들은 처방전을 작성할 때 종종
재판정 : 형사 재판정 들어가기 위한 준비 _ 청각장애 재판정받아야하나요? _ 장애등급 재판정 과정 대폭 완화
필요 : 꼭 필요한 출산준비물만 준비하자 _ 필요없는 파일좀 골라주세요 _ 약화시킬 필요는 없다고 보았다
불필요 : 불필요한 수면 _ 불필요한 창이 뜰 때 _ 약화시킬 필요는 없다고 보았다
다음번 : 병원코디네이터 자격증 다음번 시험일은? _ 잘랐는데 다음번에 다시 꽃이 피나요? _ 다음번엔 이렇게 가야지
재판정 : 이번이 재판정 2번째인데 안받을수 있는 방법 없나요? _ 청각장애 재판정받아야하나요? _ 장애 재판정 기준에 대해서 정확히 알고 싶습니다
시기 : 태아보험 가입시기 _ 벼꽃이 피는 시기의 약제 방제 _ 시기 또한 매우 변이가 큽니다
재판정이 : 재판정이 있는 법의 도시 _ 이럴경우 재판정이 필요한가요? 또한 재판정을 한다면 어느정도 나올까요? _ 시기 또한 매우 변이가 큽니다
필요한 : 어린이집에서 필요한 예쁜 앞치마세트 _ 자동차 팔 때 필요한서류 _ 필요한 최소 전기요금
사유 : 재판상의이혼사유 정해져있는 이유 _ 야동보는배우자 이혼사유 _ 사유란 사유대상에 침잠함으로써
상기 : 보통 이상으로 많은 앞발로 쓰러지게 상기하다 _ 호랑이를 봤을대 상기된 다는 말을 할수있습니까? _ 사유란 사유대상에 침잠함으로써
소견으로 : 남의 마음을 자기 소견으로 지어서 생각하는 _ 의사의 잘못된 소견으로 _ 짧은 소견으로
호흡보조기를 : 제 남편이 호흡보조기를 사용하는데 _ 지속적으로 기도로 관을 삽입하여 호흡보조기를 착용하는 것 보다는 환자분이 훨씬 편하게 느끼실겁니다 _ 남편의 호흡 보조기를 빼버린
처방합니다 : 책을 처방합니다 _ 지속적으로 기도로 관을 삽입하여 호흡보조기를 착용하는 것 보다는 환자분이 훨씬 편하게 느끼실겁니다 _ 건강을 위해 생활을 처방합니다
