registration : We just need a completed application form and the registration fee
of : The teaching of the school is in chime with the thought of the founder
travel : Could you stop by the travel agency on the way back home from work?
business : I know all the ins and outs of the business
No. : No. I was just about to
name : There are many different people with the same name in the world
company : That company produces a family of household products 
in : They are in a clothing store
full : Little Billy ate and ate until he was as full as a tick 
address : I just needed his home address   
kind : He was so kind as to help me
abroad : We believe that that is the same abroad 
This : This is only something else again
is : Thread is so tangled up that it is impossible to straighten it out to
to : I am reluctant to help him. or I hate to help him
certify : I hereby certify that the above information is all true and correct
that : He was much pleased to hear that
The : The price of cattle on the hoof is low
above : The housekeeper said that Mrs. Smith was above stairs
was : Can you imagine what it was like?
registered : I'm sorry, ma'am. We have no one by the name of Mr. King registered at this hotel
accordance : Friend says, the traffic authority has to be satisfied in accordance with the Bill
with : eat 2 more times ending with cheeses
promotion : But Steve turned down the promotion
law : We were scandalized by the change in law
date : What's your last name and date of travel?
issue : When is the next issue due out?  
media : It is 100% impossible to communicate 100 % of myself through the media
information : For train schedules, press 1. For fare information, press 2. For information about package tours, press 3
media : If the media is blank, or its data is replaced, use this label instead
company : That company produces a family of household products
contact : Inventions like the toothbrush, contact lenses, and credit cards came into use long ago
person : I had to choose only one person among those people 
address : The address change will be effective the 4th of December
phone : The man and woman are talking on the phone 
fax : The copier and the fax machine were bought the same year 
email : We are sending you our product information by email 
type : Conversion failed because the data value overflowed the data type used by the provider 
of : Changes of officials are[Reshuffling of government personnel is] frequently announced
media : If the media is blank, or its data is replaced, use this label instead: 
television : Where is the antenna located on the television? 
radio : Please turn the radio down a little 
newspape : At work she talks and reads the newspaper; she's a do-nothing employee 
magazine : It is the policy of the magazine not to accept unsolicited submissions 
media : That doesn't mean he is any less media savvy
kit : Don't worry. I have my repair kit with me 
requested : Why has Rhonda Miller requested a leave of absence?
 media : That doesn't mean he is any less media savvy
received : Our product received a poor reception in our test market: 
comments : He casually threw in a few comments 
fax : The telephone and fax numbers are switched
facsimile : This copy is in facsimile but we need a real one
transmission : Keyboard-free transmission of personal identification numbers and ever-changing codes
your : I am unworthy of your kindness
company : He was unable to save the company from bankruptcy 
name : Please choose a new name for the file to be saved as
Here : Here are a few do's and don'ts while you're here
to : The defendant decided to bring the case to the appellate court
fax : The telephone and fax numbers are switched 
from : He has decided to secede from the association
phone : Call toll-free to order by phone. 24 hours a day, 7 days a week
page : How much does it cost to Xerox one page?
s : About 1/2 hour before serving time, add fruit (s)
certificate : I received a free certificate for a cheese burger at McDonald today
of : I left in a brace of shakes
film : The photographer was fortunate to film a fierce beast capturing its prey
business : The pace of business here is febrile
registered : Such marriages are hidden from friends and family and not registered with authorities
no. : Please let me know soon whether it is yes or no.
name : Perhaps the king of name changers is Prince
resident : She is resident at his house
ID : The new ID card works just like a transportation card 
address : Unfortunately, he had forgotten to inform the post office of his change of address 
company : Many people are uneasy in the company of strangers
location : Your current security settings do not allow you to download files from this location 
type : The woman is the type who sits on her desk 
date : I had my very first blind date yesterday 
sponsor : The company will sponsor a work visa for you
's : Believe it or not, she is in her 50's now
guarantee : I bought a refrigerator and it came with a two-year guarantee
student : One student split on his friend
name : The username is not valid. Enter a valid username
in : I haven't improved much in speaking in English
full : Add mustard until liquid measures a full cup
date : She often turns her nose up at proposals for a dinner date _ Can you move the validity date ahead one month? 
of : It's a product of modern times 
Birth : Birth-control drugs help couples limit the size of their families
address : Write your address on this paper
relationship : Our relationship was doomed from the start 
signature : The thieves pulled his signature out of thin air 
certificate : You have chosen to install a certificate from a response file
of : He is twenty years of age
enrollment : My enrollment in the fall classes took two hours
address : Sometimes the body includes the e-mail address of the sender  
name : She smiled weakly and whispered my name 
in : How much is it in the back?
full : We are not here to impress each other full of pretense 
date : Can you move the validity date ahead one month? 
birth : They were overjoyed by the birth of their first grandchild   
this : The plot of this story is very intricate 
is : He is known as a teacher, but he is not 
to : He was slow to learn to read because of a learning disability
certify : I hereby certify that the above information is all true and correct 
that : This one is incomparably better than that
the : The lane was mottled with the sunbeams filtering through the leaves
above : The mountain rises above the plain 
mentioned : My name is Mr. Park as mentioned in my introduction
person : An astronaut is a person who travels and works in a spacecraft 
is : He is known as a teacher, but he is 
enrolling : Are you enrolling in another class next month? 
At : At that time, Lily hears some strange sounds 
third : This is the third late night this week 
grade : He was fighting with the sixth-grade boys 
in : Put in a pretty glass bowl 
following : Which of the following is the most expensive to mail? 
named : He was named Slow by his people when he was young 
school : A new school year began today
the : The man was about to be on the pounce
facts : The news checks out with the facts in every detail
concerning : I was impressed by the speaker's profound insight concerning his topic
entry : No admittance except on business. or No unauthorized entry allowed
& : On the other hand, I do not often use the '&'
exit : Can we exit the plane during that time?
name : Mary always tries to impress people by name-dropping
sex : In the contemporary dance field, the sex thing is quite balanced, quite equal	
of : The teaching of the school is in chime with the thought of the founder
nationality : Please write down your name, nationality, and passport number on this card
passport : My passport expires at the end of the year
presentation : I'm hard at work on my next presentation 
checklist : That's why you were all given a checklist
to : Allow to cool till it is cool enough to handle 
management : Many companies still treat their management staff with consideration
information : Carefully read, mark, learn, and inwardly digest and all the information will become yours
to : Allow to cool till it is cool enough to handle
have : I have ten days a year
on : We are quite slow on the uptake
hand : His left hand pulled the clutch lever in
site : Helmets must be worn at the excavation site at all times
analysis : Who else worked on the analysis?
employee : How often does your company do employee evaluations?
transportation : The landslip blocked all the transportation facilities
survey : The results of the survey were quite astonishing
AVR : First, there is the AVR microcontroller-- the brains of the outfit
EPP : The EPP is a self-management programme for people with long-term health conditions
Calculation : A Study on the Simplified Energy Calculation Method of Apartment Houses
Overview : Overview of Recent Developments of Double-Skin Facade System
of : There was not much of a breeze
options : Pick from different options to customize your Help and Support Center experience
carpooling : I've been getting up at 6:00 and meeting a friend at 7:15 and carpooling in
vanpooling : Psychological benefits from vanpooling and group composition  
public : Never have public morals been more deplorably corrupt
transit : How many stages are there in the new mass transit bus system?
bicycling : The man is bicycling across the stream
walking : He is walking all over me
jogging : Watch out for dogs while you're jogging
certificate : If the common name changes, you will need to obtain a new certificate
of : The use of puppets dates back thousands of years
temporary : But his retreat from politics was only temporary
rest : I hope Paula rest in peace
permission : Look to it that nobody leaves the room without permission 
issue : He acted on the sidelines on the issue
No. : No. I was just about to		
personal : It is the process of progressively realizing your personal goals
data : Conversion failed because the data value overflowed the data type used by the provider
position : I hope we can find somebody to fill the secretarial position soon			
name : Here lies one whose name was writ in water
full : The farmer hauled away a full load of hay
I.D : I've forgotten my I.D It must be in my other suit
No. : No. I was just about to	
address : For this site, you must enter your e-mail address as the password
period : It's time to put a period to the matter
rest : He splashed his boots at the rest room
permission : Please do not open the box without my permission 
Certificate : If you use your gift certificate for something worth more than 60 percent of its face value, you'll be given the remaining change in cash
of : The water leaks out of the cask
Business : Our business has leased its offices for seven years
Trip : Her nightly trip home from work takes one hour
Travel : The Silk Road was not easy to travel
Order : She ranked the bottles in order of size
Working : The man is working on the tire
Section : I'll place an ad in the Help Wanted section of the newspaper
Position : The sea horse swims in an upright position
Name : The username is not valid. Enter a valid username
in : How much is it in the back?
Date : You can write the year after the date
of : Most of the world uses the metric system of measurement
Birth : But these bonuses appear to have little effect on the birth rates
Duration : Shark teeth grow for the duration of the animal's life
Destination : What is Ms. Johannson's final destination?
Period : Two years is not a short period
Purpose : The purpose of the court system is to protect the rights of the people
ACKNOWLEDGED : She acknowledged to herself that she was sweet on him
RESIGNATION : He flatly rejected calls for his resignation
Date : At one time, many men wanted to date me
To : It is quite silly of you to try to force him to consent
Please : I am very sorry. or Please excuse me
be : He is reputed to be very generous
advised : She wasn't too pleased when I advised her
that : That is not so bad, considering
the : The iniquity of the fathers is visited upon the children
undersigned : We, the undersigned, strongly object to the closure of St.
hereby : You are hereby ordered to vacate the premises immediately
resigns : One guy in our team said he was resigning
as : They are poles asunder. or They are as opposite as two poles
position : I hope we can find somebody to fill the secretarial position soon
of : It is to be two of a kind
corporation : What is the purpose of the Land Corporation?
effective : Yes, it says "Christie Corporation, correspondence" 
upon : She is unsuspecting and easily imposed upon
acceptance : Her acceptance by the medical school elated her 
Please : Please let us know if you are unable to attend
acknowledge : I am sure that she will acknowledge
acceptance : I confirmed the letter of acceptance three times
said : What is said about the shopping mall?
on : The man mopped up on his friend
behalf : I am speaking on behalf of the president
corporation : Is Nancy Butler still working for the Decker Corporation?
Very : He is very choosy about what he eats
truly : This is really and truly my umbrella
For : You are solely responsible for it 
corporation : We are not like a corporation
agreement : Are we all in agreement on this?
of : The issue of this enterprise affects the very existence of the company
employment : I am at present in the employment of Mr. Smith
name : The English professor's name is Dr. Smith
in : There is no one who can match him in his ability in English
full : As usual, she looked fresh and full of energy	
gender : This is not split by gender
date : You can write the year after the date
nationality : I have been discriminated against because of my nationality
department : The reservation department was swamped with calls
title : Should I refer to him by any special title or name?	
permanent : Stop trying to paste over the cracks and come up with permanent solution
address : I informed my friends of my new address
telephone : A person calls you on the telephone	
contract : The contract between the two companies will expire at the fall of the year
period : It's time to put a period to the matter	
Media : He was pursued by the media
Information : In other words, well-informed consumers watch for information and check for misinformation
Company : We became affiliated with this company last year
Contact : If you have any questions, or problems regarding your subscription, please contact us
Person : I had to choose only one person among those people
Address : For this site, you must enter your e-mail address as the password
Phone : Check your phone record, that'll be a clue
Fax : The copier and the fax machine were bought the same year
Email : We are sending you our product information by email
Type : I do enjoy writing this type of letter
of  : Of course, I regain both of times, almost all
Television : The boy is always glued to the television
Radio : The radio program is interrupted by static. or The radio is affected by static
Newspaper : The newspaper article has many misprints
Magazine : I read a magazine article on a new type of medicine
Kit : Don't worry. I have my repair kit with me
Requested : The favor of a reply is requested
Received : He received his early schooling at home
Comments : Comments: I haven't tried this recipe, just drooled over it
Rent : He was behind on his rent
Receipt : We can ship it upon receipt of your order
Date : School fees should be paid by the due date
TO : All you have to do is sit tight and wait for it to arrive
Insert : Press the withdraw button first, then insert your ATM card here
Name : What's the name of your company?
and : In shape and size, the elephant, the lion, and the cat are very different
Address : What is your main message to people when you address them?
of : Money of the order of 3 dollars
Tenant : Utility charges to be paid separately by the tenant
Received : I just received an enormous telephone bill
from : The eyes redeem the face from ugliness
the : The people are in the hospital
sum : The sum of 5 and 8 is thirteen
which : I can not tell which is which
is : He is known as a teacher, but he is not
rent : The man and the woman rent the apartment
for : The woman is paying for a glass
period : Turn chicken a few time during this period
for : Yes, every day for twenty-five years!
the : The dog is looking for his owner
premises : Life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises
described : What device is described in the report
above : There is not much left above reprises
LANDLORD : The landlord changed and the family were evicted from their accommodation
MEDICAL : The local medical school falls short of cadavers
CENTER : I volunteered at the emergency room at the medical center
BIRTH : The baby suffers two deformities from birth defects
CERTIFICATE : Who is sending the gift certificate?
Hospital : The hospital bill drove him into bankruptcy
No. : No. I am not thirsty
Name : Invalid Syntax. Cannot specify username without specifying server name
of : Yell at the top of your bent
Child : She fanned away a mosquito from the sleeping child
Sex : The sex organs are among the erogenous zones of the body
Date : This dairy product has passed the expiration date
Birth : Would you help me search for my birth mother?
Hour : Increase baking time to about 1 hour
Place : People place importance on their names
Home : Oh, I thought perhaps you weren't home
Address : Do you happen to know Mr. Brown's address?
Mother : My mother works as a sign-language interpreter for the hearing-impaired
Members : An extra member was added to his family; he adopted a baby
Health : I guess the most important thing is your health
Plan : He is favorable to our plan
Form : Request the information letter in due form
farming : It was also used for farming
operation : Numerous processes are used in our assembly operation, including underwater welding
Number : The number of runaway teenagers is increasing these days
employers : The paper resume is the most traditional form and accepted by most employers
spouse : Stop trying to pick a hole in your spouse
children : The big boy huff children to pieces
For : I was looking for the key to my house
Plan : He missed the part and parcel of our plan   
employees : What kind of employees does the man want?
Type : The woman is the type who sits on her desk
coverage : To be on the safe side, you'd better buy full coverage
requested : Visitors are requested not to touch the exhibits
Health : Proper nutrition is essential to maintain your health
Dental : Such patients need regular access to dental hygienists and regular checks
Life : People often use gestures in their daily life
Ad&D : just passed on my old boxed AD&D books to a young friend, along with all my hand-drawn maps and years of mythology building 
Critical : He didn't know how to write a news article with a critical eye
Illness : It is not a very serious illness
Congratulations : I didn't know you were promoted. Congratulations!
Letter : In enciphering, each letter of the message is replaced by another letter or figure; in encoding, syllables, words, or whole sentences are treated
Dear : Ah dear me, how sad it all is
Our : He is always on our side
best : Delayed gratification is the best way to accomplish things
wishes : She putted down her pen with best wishes
are : They are poles asunder. or They are as opposite as two poles
for : Are you waiting for sings and wonders?
you : Aren't you supposed to practice what you preach?
and : You are simply and solely young
